Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Microsoft may be starting their diskless transition either because of or in order to boost the popularity of Game Pass. Optical Media's death knell beckons.
This is just one rumor in a night of gaming news. Stay tuned on this Marchio evening for the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight with episode number 767 for this March the 10th of 2019 or Mar 10 Mario with what is actually take 2 of Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
So for those that are watching live, yes you are living a little deja vu right now.
Thanks Thor.
Anyway, I'll explain that in a moment. Welcome back DarkSakura Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How are you doing?
I'm Orange C.
Yes, hey look and she's on the camera a little bit.
A little bit.
She's at an angle where she can kind of choose.
Now I'm Dr. Claw.
Yeah, she can kind of choose.
I can pinch heads.
When she wants to be on cam or not.
Your head's harder to get now.
Is your mic on? Because I can't even see the chat.
I had it on.
Oh, it's weird. I don't know.
Fuck you Mike.
Hey, my name's Mike and I don't like your attitude.
No, I'm just kidding.
I can't see chat right now.
So here's what's going on.
Also joining us.
I will look at the chat.
Techmaster Loki.
I'm here as well.
Surprise.
Things are a little crazy tonight because we just got through about 5 minutes of show
and then a power surge took out the show completely.
Which, you know, have been there done that right?
Gosh, Rob, won't you get your stupid...
God, the back of my head's all messed up.
What do you call the thing they keep telling me to buy?
It's the UPS.
The UPS.
God, Rob, when are you going to get your UPS?
I don't think a UPS would have stopped that whole thing because we have too much stuff
wired up.
It's on two separate outlets.
So yeah, I don't even think that would have saved us.
But here we are back for take two of our show this evening.
So I was talking to Dark Sakura about welcoming her back after I know she's been on a bit
of a hiatus and we've had a special show here and there.
But it's nice to have you back in studio with us.
What did we miss while you were gone?
Bullshit.
Fair enough.
We had a death in the family last week.
I'm sorry to hear that.
We were all thinking of you guys last week as well.
Thank you.
I would prefer being thought of in the form of money or donuts.
Fair enough.
But not pheromone.
I really was just doing a lot of work and now my schedule has changed.
I work four tens now.
So I get three days off a week.
Nice.
I get off my lunch in time to go to the cafeteria at work where they serve really good food
and seven dollar pizza.
I actually in that last few months I've dropped about 10 pounds.
Congrats.
So thank you.
I the schedule changed because I got the position at work I wanted.
So yay.
And I'm sorry we have some chat ception here.
So let me let me set the stage real quick too because what I was talking about before
we got zapped the first time was that I was mentioning for the folks that do watch live
on Twitch or if you are watching in the archives because you're a subscriber over at VOG Network
we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right
after the Bobby Blackwell show at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
You can subscribe and get the video on demand or of course the podcast which is what this
is all is anyway is going to be free like it always has been for the past 15 plus years
we're doing it.
But if you are watching the video you're going to notice the angle is very different tonight
because we wanted to be able to work dark soccer in but in a way where she can be on
camera when she feels like I'm still a little camera shy.
Yeah that's fair.
But I do like the idea you were talking about about using wigs and your hair looks fantastic
tonight.
Well thank you.
This is yeah this is my new dye job.
Yes.
Why did no one tell me the back of my head was messy.
But it is flamingo on the roots and orange and peach.
All right.
Fair enough.
It was expensive.
All right.
Well look.
I got to look good for Dracon.
Our show got cut so abruptly the first time that I didn't even get to introduce in studio
here.
And you can't even see it.
But why are we all playing up to the video.
It's a podcast.
We're playing up to the video.
This is makes good for good weather podcasting.
Oh we're weather.
Oh is that a weather map you're trying to show.
I was just trying to.
You can't see it because video.
Yeah it doesn't work well.
But as you see there's a giant red thing.
I see.
There's one of those big red cells that's right over the neighborhood right now.
That's fantastic.
It looks like a little.
Why does this always happen Sunday night at six o'clock.
Just in time for.
Oh and for the record I have coffee.
OK.
My of my own.
I also want to introduce.
She's not on camera because she's camera shy and we respect that people don't have to be
on camera if they don't want to be.
But it's always a pleasure to have her in studio.
It's been a long time since we've seen you misty.
Oh L.
Are joining us tonight all the way from St. Louis Missouri.
And yes I would have called last week to warn you all myself.
But considering things were going weird with the weather then it was threatening to snow.
I decided to just pull an all nighter at the airport before I flew out into ultimately San Diego.
Well it's a pleasure to have you here.
Even if the travel plans were a little you know on the fly.
But even though Misty isn't on camera I did notice she put her little mascot on camera for us all to see with her with her travel transit card.
So it's a little hard to see on camera.
But for those of you that are watching on Twitch you can see a little piece of Misty on the camera.
So Misty it is fantastic to have you here.
You've been listening to all our long time right.
Yep.
What was your first episode?
If I'm remembering accurately 91.
91 ok so you've been listening a very long time.
Probably the only person listening longer than you is Dartitsuya.
Maybe a couple other people in chat.
What do you think about and I'm not to put you on the spot or anything.
But what do you think about this whole move to Twitch that we did recently.
Are you kind of are you into it or you think you think it wasn't a good move for us or what.
I'm still evaluating but also I'm kind of also mentally comparing back to the days when I would do Twitch as part of somebody's rock band stream.
Fair enough ok.
Although to be fair some of those times I was having a few drinks.
So that made me give less fucks.
You know Twitch sings is a thing.
And I have thought about what kind of fundraiser we could do to get Loki to participate with Twitch sings.
There's no fundraiser.
Well we'll see. Maybe in the future I can talk him into it. We'll see.
That would probably involve a lot of money.
So are you still playing stuff like rock band and all that stuff.
Or is that kind of in the past now since those games have kind of faded away.
It depends. There's only really one TV in the house these days and I don't usually have access to it.
So that cuts my rock band time down dramatically.
That's fair.
We'll check in on your other gaming week in a little bit here after we get past our kickoff topic.
But one other thing I did kind of want to point out with the whole transition to video.
Because you've been to this show before when we were just like audio you know and all that.
Isn't it weird now how we have to actually like pay attention to a camera.
And like how we when you were at the shows before we just all be multitasking kind of off in our own world.
And now it's like oh shoot we can't we can't get away with that illusion anymore now that the camera is on.
Although that is a bonus to me not being on camera.
That's true. You can multitask all you want. That's fine.
All right. And hello to our chatters of course over at Twitch TV slash vog network where again I'll say it one more time.
We do tape live Sunday nights at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show when the weather cooperates.
But hey we stuck through it. We made it through round two. Knock on wood.
I think that weather cells finally passed though. Not hearing.
Yeah it's weird though because like I was looking at the map it actually is going the opposite direction than normally is.
Normally we come from the coast and kind of goes towards the east.
But you know yeah yeah it's going the other way. Oh interesting. Yeah so weird.
OK well hopefully it doesn't come back. We'll see. Anyway I do want to get into our kickoff topic tonight which has to do with the day.
So a lot of people of course are talking about it's Mario Day or Mar 10 March 10th not Mar 10 from Belgium who emails us.
Although he should have a day as well. But this is March 10th or Mario when you write it out.
And of course because we had the power failure all the questions I had prepared just got taken away.
So I'm going to have to do this off the cusp. But let's talk a little bit about Mario and I open this up to chat as well.
First off the question you got to get asked when we talk about Mario. What's your favorite like Mario game.
What's your favorite experience playing a Mario title.
My favorite Mario game is probably the first one for Super Mario Brothers. The very first one for Super Mario Brothers.
Yeah because that's kind of what I remember like being introduced to like Nintendo is just playing the original Super Mario Brothers.
Yeah. Although you know when we talk about the original time I know it was around before that but I get it.
Yeah the original Super Mario Brothers not Mario Brothers. Fair enough. Dark soccer. What about you.
I'm going to probably say Super Mario World just because I really for me it's something I love to made it better with different challenges.
And I remember being so excited by the commercials and really it was having that and a link to the past is what made me lean back toward Super Nintendo when my mom put the decision in front of me.
What do we get. An NES or a Genesis. And I did bring up. Can I get a turbo graphics. And she said no. So because of course you did. Of course I did.
I actually ended up though playing so much Super Mario World that and linked to the past that my poor brothers hardly touched the machine. It was mine.
I would actually say my favorite Mario memory was probably Super Mario 2 which I know is a weird one to pick because we all know that was not originally a Mario game it was a different game in Japan.
It did get released in Japan. Oh Super Mario USA.
Yes. And it's on their virtual not virtual console. The NES switch online library. They actually got that game as Super Mario USA so you can go play it if you have the Japanese client.
But I would say doki doki panic was a pain in the ass. Yeah. You know they made some quality like things. And as a kid come on when I first played that game I was probably like 11.
So like you didn't know this whole history. You know we didn't have back in my day we didn't have the Internet or that stuff. It was what we would read about a magazine.
So they kind of were pretty good about keeping the secret that this was a completely different game in Japan that they had relabeled. So I didn't know any of that.
So I just I do consider Super Mario to a Mario game and especially because it's certainly part of the canon because we've seen shy guys show up in other games.
I feel like kind of Mario 2 now exists in that same canon as like the Yoshi side games which kind of ties into my world to kind of like a lot of that kind of comes from there.
But it was the music and I think it was the how the graphics really looked like I was playing a cartoon. Y'all remember like the ending to Mario 2 the first time you saw it with with him taking a nap with Mario taking a nap and it's like that kind of looked like a cartoon.
You know it was because the graphics were extremely simple but it was it was really stunning at the time I think as a kid. I don't know that was that was what I really remember about it.
Misty what about you. Do you have a favorite Mario title.
Actually I don't have the game on me but I'm thinking more long lines of Super Mario Land 2 6 golden coins because all the way back when I was like in fifth or sixth grade there were a few people that somehow we got to take our game boys to school with us.
And eventually I ended it was originally some other kids game but I eventually ended up with it I still have it to this day.
You know it's funny because I bet some people would say that's a more obscure Mario pick but like knowing you and like the way that you game you play a lot of portable stuff you because you're a big transit gal.
You like to go on these trips to take the trains to take the light rails you know and go on and rail and stuff which I think is super cool because my dad was a railroad guy until he retired.
So you're kind of doing the consumer side of that I suppose but you can play I remember one time the last time you were here I think we took the train up to Reno and you were playing Pokemon yellow on the way and it's kind of like I can chill out play my game.
Watch the scenery go by you know and do that so it like totally doesn't surprise me to hear that like a portable Mario game ended up being your choice.
So I like that anyway. Let's see going to our chat over at twitch TV slash vog network Tiger class as I remember the ending to Mario to everything that happened was all just a dream it never happened or did it.
Is that why we don't have Wharton smash.
Wart for smash. Come on. When are we going to get that anywhere. Any of the characters from what would he do just barf vegetables at you. Hell yeah.
No he doesn't barf vegetables he barfs gut.
If we could turn piranha plant into a smash character we can turn anybody into a smash character. Mario 2 had a great soundtrack and I love that.
That end boss theme when you're fighting war that you know what's funny about that game though this is awesome.
It's just that the game was a big advert for a television station.
Well originally but originally 11 year old came out of it. Yeah that's true.
That's true. And it's funny is because I really think Nintendo doesn't want that associated with Doki Doki anymore because that's not the game Japan got and probably licensing and things like that you know play into it.
You know you're probably just never going to see Doki Doki panic again unless ROMs emulation of course ever drive. Yeah.
Which funny enough the ever drive will play the the disk games with no problem but Doki Doki panic is like I think that Mario Mario 2 is a vast improvement over Doki Doki panic.
Oh it is. It's like the quality of life improvements you know like you don't have to beat it with every character.
Yeah exactly. You have you have the size thing you have the ability to run the ability to run makes that game. Yeah for sure.
It's annoying to play without it. Yeah I think it's one of those things where like I think a hipster a gamer hipster be like well Doki Doki panic was it's like no it was not a better game.
It was not. I mean it was it was more challenging. It was niche. Sure it was more challenging. It's a fun like party trick.
But at the end of the day they made improvements and that's what Mario 2 is the design gave us what we have now going to chat for some of the other comments there is some several folks talking about one of the other memorable bosses in that game.
Kaijuto says the bomb mouse should be in smash.
Mouser. That's right Mouser and I think actually. Yeah. Somebody else said that in chat. Yeah see Tabiri said hashtag Mouser for Smash. So yeah I was really cool. I would go for that. Yeah for sure.
Or at the very least Mario maker too. Oh yeah. They still need like not just the Bowser kids but like the Mario bosses would be awesome.
Well OK. I didn't mean for this whole thing to become a Mario 2 discussion but let me ask this question. I think this might be a tougher question. Why Mario as the mascot that stuck around all this time.
You know why is this you know oversized Italian plumber dude. You know why is he the guy that stuck around this whole time.
Because before that the mascots I mean there was really a mascot of like video games Pac-Man I guess. I mean there wasn't a whole lot of there was a there was a.
I mean Pac-Man branding was pretty crazy. There was a Pac-Man cartoon as Pac-Man board game. We Hubert had a lot to plush animals. You know I had a plush Pac-Man when I was a little kid.
I still have a plush ghost monster that I went out of a crane game. Yeah but nobody says happy Pac-Man day. I mean I think I certainly think people look back on Pac-Man remember it fondly.
Pac-Man is a strong brand. Pac-Man got in Smash which is you know cracks me up. But as far as Mario why is Mario stood the test of time. I mean the first Mario game what was was when he was Jumpman and Donkey Kong was what 82.
So we're talking like a long time ago but there was also a lot of Donkey Kong merchandise too. I think what it is is it came out with the generation that started with the NES or at least had more memories of the NES because it was marketed more more.
I mean we started off I'd say with our age we truly started off with like say the Atari 2600. That was our big thing and so when we got crappy arcade games that were out at the same time that's where our brains went to.
But when we were teenagers younger teenagers and new kids coming up and gaming really started taking off again.
That's why I'm smiling because at least if nothing else your hand gestures get picked up by Twitch but it's great. I love it. Don't touch that.
This is a family show. Why is she fingering Pikachu? We are not a family show Rob. We are a dysfunctional family show.
Anyway. Anyway. No I please continue fun and dysfunction. I agree with you generational generational thing. But apart from that too it really came around when Nintendo decided to make Super Mario Brothers a pack in game.
That is what did it. It was among the first of games to be a true pack in because I don't think that hardly any of the other games came in any earlier systems came in with a pack in combat combat for the 27.
It was in a good game. And it didn't like it didn't have a mascot. I didn't have the mass. I didn't have a character. It was just exactly. Yeah. The two tanks bone each other out when I was going around playing on my clique vision.
It was Donkey Kong was what I first thought of with my clique vision or venture. It was the little circle head with the arrow you know which was by the way the best home version Avenger just saying but we had an identifiable character.
Who was in millions of homes that every kid knew that because every kid with the system had it. I'm only gonna but there's one tiny exception technicality.
The Rob the robot system came with Duck Hunt and gyro might not have more. I am saying Mario was not originally a pack in game. You bought it separately. Right. And that was that one that went for all that money to remember.
That's true. Yes. Just a couple weeks ago. But it was when they saw that having a good pack in game for the action series and not everyone got the the what was the Rob series called the the the robot series fucking weird.
It didn't sell as well. Yeah. There's my shoe. But the whole point of it was that we had an identifiable character sent in with all of the systems. It was who everybody's first association with the NES. The majority of people's first association with the NES was also with Mario.
I think you're spot on. I think there's like a generational thing to it. I think like you know like somewhere that bridge kind of between Gen X and millennial and really kind of like both generations I think a little bit like we grew up with Mario because just about 90 percent of the people probably more than that 95 percent of the people that had a Nintendo in their homes had Super Mario Brothers because it was just that quintessential NES game that everybody had to play and had to have you know.
And also don't don't forget to you know it ended up setting a precedent for having a mascot game released with a system. Yes. Interesting. It was interesting to see other systems try to copy that because Sega didn't come out the gate with Sonic. Sonic was not a pack in.
Sega was using trying to use Alex Kidd. Yeah. At first but it's curious that Alex Kidd didn't stick. It's just interesting they didn't use in the same way. Very good comment I think in our chat at Twitch TV VOG Network. Miramews in chat said because Nintendo won't let us forget Mario.
That's a very interesting perspective too is that it's it's not just that Mario might be the first. It's that Nintendo has kind of like never let go of them. Nintendo adopted Mario as the mascot in many ways and and like just about every pack in has involved Mario or every quintessential game has involved Mario up until a little more recently.
I mean the GameCube obviously was kind of an anomaly because Super Mario Sunshine didn't come out till later Luigi. Well the Wii. I guess it's true I guess. Yeah now I'm thinking about it. You know you have Mario 64 you had you had Super Mario World but Nintendo land.
Yeah we you and it didn't really do the Mario thing but maybe by that time it wasn't needed. Mario was something that you looked forward to. You knew there would be a Mario game. We have to have our pack in game that's really just tech demos that were packaging as a game.
Well not to get too far off topic though but that was so important as to why the Wii sold as well as it did. Yeah people didn't buy it. I've said this before on the show people didn't buy the Wii for the Wii. People bought the Wii for Wii Tennis and Wii Sports but really it was Wii Tennis. That was the thing that sold millions of those systems.
Who thought tennis would sell twice. Well and in a way I mean to bring it back to the top it's all Pong again for March 10th Super Mario Brothers was the game that really sold the NES to many people. People didn't buy the NES for Hogan's Alley as great as that game was.
Are you trying to tell me that people didn't purchase a switch for one to switch. Are you saying that that is a complete oversight of Nintendo. The Zelda game was a little stronger and people but it had switch in the title.
Okay more comments in chat. VG Realness says I think the big reason why Mario is still around is because Nintendo keeps making Mario relevant and interesting. Changing how his games are played. Mega Man could still be around but Capcom gave up. Sonic is lost because Sega doesn't know what to do with him.
Oh they know what to do with him. They turn him into a movie. Well we'll get to that later in the show. But I think with Sonic. I think. I don't think. I think Sonic is a strong brand. I don't think Sega has really made a mistake with Sonic. I think the only thing that maybe Sega has maybe miscalculated a little bit with Sonic is that Sonic should be in everything. But then again.
Before y'all jump in there. Mario's kind of. Mario plays tennis. Mario has an RPG. Mario kind of. Mario is missing. You know Mario. Sonic's in Smash now so. I guess I guess. So he's made it right.
Cia Tabiri in chat says I think that Mario is partially all about that brand and that basic idea that is universal. It is the stamp of approval as well. Mario is on this. It's going to be a decent game.
Let me ask one more question here and then we'll move on with the rest of our show. Especially since we're getting a late start tonight because of the freak weather and Take Two. But with Mario and all that and branding and everything else.
And talking about maybe Microsoft for a minute. You know we look at the Xbox. Microsoft doesn't have Mario. Microsoft doesn't have anything like Mario. I mean Master Chief. I guess we could debate this a little bit.
It's cheap you. Microsoft Master Chef over Master Chief. Microsoft doesn't have a Mario. Would they be in a better place if they did. And I open that up to our chatters as well. Yes. But the Sony have a Mario.
No. And I suppose that they tried with Sackboy and then that didn't really go anywhere. They tried with Ratchet and Clank. That didn't really go anywhere. Microsoft just has their name. True. And they have their computing background of shitty computers.
They have Clippy. So I guess that's you know if they would just do a Clippy game. It would be over. Yes it would be over. But I actually think that would be kind of fun. Like if somebody were to make like a Clippy game like official Microsoft Clippy game.
And look I'm not I'm not trying to shade Microsoft or say they make that. I will. Will you stop. But I'm just trying to say that you know they don't have that strong brand sense that Nintendo has with Mario or that even that Sega has with Sonic.
But I suppose you're right. Sony doesn't really have one either. But I will say what Sony has. Sony definitely has you think Uncharted. You think God of War. You think Last of Us. They have some strong franchises.
Microsoft has a few of those two for sure. Halo. Forza. All those things are very important certainly. But you know they don't really have that face. I don't know. I know I've just took a moment to check out the app store on my computer here.
I'm looking at Civ 6. Divinity Original Sin. I'm looking at a bunch of games that you know we wouldn't have had over here an age ago I think there's a lot more development going on.
I have Let Go of the Incredibles. I have a bunch of really good stuff on here. You know Borderlands came out. Total War Warhammer.
Tyreclaw asks what's Activision's mascot. Greed.
DLC packs. SS 200 Matt says Crash Bandicoot and Spyro were Sony's mascot early on. Only difference is that Sony's mascots aren't as iconic as Mario and Sonic.
Lots of people in chat love and the Clippy thing. Bobby in chat says Microsoft originally wanted Blinks to be their Mario. So.
So anyway.
Potential and I guess as you mentioned the little robots now are kind of Sony's mascot. Yeah but they have the VR game that's supposed to be pretty good but they don't really have anything else that's outside of that.
But yeah the robots are cool.
You know I think I think at the end of the day I think part of why people love Mario so much I think it does definitely tie into something you were hitting there on Jamie early on is it's that it's that thing the generation grew up with.
It's that thing people remember playing first off and the first thing that they ever kind of you know played. I think that's a big reason why.
And then Nintendo kind of kept reinforcing Mario which is very important too. Like you know and in new and different ways you know Mario Odyssey is very different game than the original Super Mario Brothers and I think that's very important too.
I think with that earlier chat comment that Mega Man was kind of the same thing over and over and they they kind of tried to do new things with Mega Man but like when it didn't sell millions and millions they just gave up.
You know and that's why I think Mega Man as much as a lot of people remember Mega Man fondly it didn't end up being as strong of a brand until maybe you know the recent resurgence with Smash and Mega Man 11 and all that stuff.
So I definitely think the whole like thing that when we were kids has a lot to do with it. You know huge movie at the box office this weekend Captain Marvel.
I haven't seen it yet. That's no shade. I just hardly ever get to the movies but I understand that a lot of 90s nostalgia and Captain Marvel apparently.
And this is the type of thing that people think is really awesome is like I saw Bobby nitpick in some blockbuster scene because he worked as a trailer.
Yeah I was in the trailer whatever. But anyway like just people and not in about I'm just saying that people the music I saw somebody also my my friends list was like oh man I put together this playlist with all this awesome 90s music that was in Captain Marvel and stuff.
I think there's just there's a soft spot a lot of people have for nostalgia and like whereas when we were kids video games was something that adults didn't always understand. We are the adults now.
Yeah. So anyway, I'm reminded of that scene in the craft when they get off the bus and she says we are the crazy people anyway.
Let's see going into chat for some other comments here as 200 points out the ferret was O.L. ours mascot. I have the ferret at home. Let's see Tiger Claw chat says Rob I love how much you I love how much you love cats and you will love Captain Marvel.
I'm sure I will. Maybe I'll get to see it eventually. I just I so rarely I'm going to go probably see it after work tomorrow. I'm kind of surprised you hadn't seen it yet because I've been dealing with things.
Well fair enough. Fair enough. But I know you're a big Captain Marvel fan so I'm sure you're excited to see. Although my brain still sometimes you know wants to call her Miss Marvel because back she was Miss Marvel before the new one.
And so I still see like they even made a nod in one of the recent Jessica Jones graphic novels. They made a nod to Miss Marvel's old costume the bathing suit by putting Jessica in it when someone captured her.
It was pretty funny. OK. But yeah but yeah I know that's all I was a Carol Danvers fan back when she was binary and hanging out with the X-Men in space. So I'm I'm super super excited. I just need time.
Sure. I understand. And not too many crowds at work. Well I don't want to get too far off base here with a movie talk. Let's get into more gaming talk by talking about our gaming weeks and how was your gaming week and dark soccer.
We can finally come back to you to start it off. How was your time to get my pictures because I take pictures of everything I play. OK. Because Tuesday Dan's mom canceled out on us so she could have soup.
So we went to the launch party for the Munsters pinball which is pretty freakin sweet. This is a coin up. So what I played that day is I did start off with the Munsters. I played Deadpool pinball. I played a lot of Deadpool pinball.
I played Tron. I played Dig Dug. I played oh that's more beer. I played Ghostbusters which I own one now. We just got it. That's right. I played Street Fighter 2 on a broken one P controller. I played Tetris in the arcade. See I took pictures of everything that's Tetris.
Galaga I played Galaga really well when I'm drunk. So you were having kind of Donkey Kong old school games and pinball night. I played Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and I played more Deadpool. I took a lot of pictures of Deadpool.
And then I've also we did some more Resident Evil 2. I'm borrowing Horizon right now for PS4. So I'll be starting that soon. We also were talking about nabbing Kingdom Hearts 3 but we've still got so much else in the backlog right now.
Just that a lot of pinball and a lot of classic gaming and Dan and I are trying to work out the logistics of if we're going to hook up one of the classic systems to the current TV because of the input lag from the old systems or if we're going to hook up the old systems on the CRT and play in our very stuffed office right now.
For we're thinking about doing like a he plays she plays. Oh you know I'm still going to do cheat to win. I just have to figure out you know how to get everything set up the way I want to in the office because I actually have to have somewhere to sit in the office to play.
And right now the TV is way too low from where my chair is. So we'll see. All right. But I I'm going to actually I've decided that when I do that I'm going to play Eddie Guerrero's entrance music because that was this whole thing cheat to win.
Rest in peace Eddie Guerrero. So there you go. All right. Loki how about you. How was your gaming week. I didn't play a whole ton of stuff this week. I mainly I've been trying to get back in the whole swing of like actually doing programming and stuff.
So that's what I've been mainly doing this week. I did play some stuff yesterday because we went over to John's incredible pizza.
And so I ended up playing mainly I had to drag my kids around and they played stuff but I got to play Dances Revolution supernova. So I did play that a little bit.
And that was fun. But they didn't have all the songs unlocked and that made me sad because there's stuff I wanted to play and there was like a stupid barbers missing and like I know it was on there because it was in the credits where it shows all the songs.
I'm like I see it. It's not here though. And unless there's like some hidden like all songs options but I was selecting it under like you know expert difficulty or whatever because you can select your difficulty in the very beginning before you select your songs.
And it wasn't on there at all. So unless it's just some stupid sorting hidden option crap where I had to find some hidden all music mode or some bullshit it just wasn't unlocked which is weird.
But yeah I played that. All right. That's it. All right. No other guy is dude at a place that I haven't been to the John's Pizza or whatever in years but is it is it anything besides like do they have actual arcade games.
Oh yeah they got tons arcade games actually. They have quite a few arcade games. There's a bunch of big stand up things. They have one of these like tiny rooms where you get the Dodge like lasers.
You have to crawl through the laser maze type thing. That's kind of cool. My kids wouldn't do it though they don't understand what's going on.
Entrapment. Haven't you ever seen entrapment. Yes. Yeah. Show the kids entrapment. I don't want to show them entrapment but no. So they had that. They've got like they actually had another music game there.
I don't remember what some percussion thing they had there. Then all your big like kind of shooter like cockpit games. So they had the Jurassic Park when they had some transformers game some pirates one.
My kids love the Jurassic Park one. That's like my youngest son's favorite game. We played every place that has it.
And then of course John's incredible pizza for those are not aware because I don't know if they're a nationwide chain but they have they have carnival rides inside of there as well.
So it's arcade games and then they have like inside this one they've got a giant thing called the twister. So it's a giant carnival ride. They have bumper cars a bowling alley places are huge.
This one is the former Sam's Club or something right. I don't know what it used to be but yeah it's it's something but like I remember their pizza not being very good but it was actually pretty good.
Although they do have some pretty exotic like pizza flavors like they had one as a spicy paint a spicy peanut butter pizza. So it's basically all the components of a pepperoni pizza but with peanut butter sauce.
It's tasted like peanut butter when I bit into it but they have like other stuff too that's not so weird. OK. Loki's food to review. Let's go. All right. That's it. All right.
Misty what have you been playing these days. First that pizza sounds like I'll definitely take a pass on it but most especially considered in the past week.
Mostly DDR I. I went to Dave and Busters in L.A. I went to the one in Daly City both of course to play tomorrow. I hope I better wake up early enough to add Roseville to that list.
Nice. And you can tell us how terrible the Dave and Busters in Roseville is because it's so small and they don't have like anything there. It's unfortunate.
What's your favorite a song to play. Sorry we're playing. We're actually doing entrapment in the studio right now as dark soccer crawls around a microphone cord. Sorry.
What's your favorite song to play. And as usual I can't really pick one but some some of my favorites are shut up and dance over. Oh there's one I found recently because I'm on my phone term music player.
I do have a lot of DVR stuff. I've one that caught my attention recently was somehow you found me and it is on a machine so I can play it.
Awesome. I'm going into our chat at Twitch TV slash vlog network. I darted to you giving a tip for low QL.
If you keep scrolling down all songs is at the very bottom. Supernova arcade is weird. So used to very bottom of what like the difficulties like I kept pushing down.
That was I guess. OK. I don't remember. That's dumb. OK. If I should put it if I put it on expert it should have all those songs because I'm playing an expert level.
They shouldn't have another. Oh sorry. This is for the people that want to play. I don't know. Whatever. Yes it's weird. It's a very weird machine. All right.
Anyway if Misty's all done with her gaming week I will talk a little bit about mine. So for my gaming week so I was on a trip this week I went to Las Vegas.
So I didn't get to play a lot of games because I was on my way to Las Vegas because I got tickets for my birthday to see the Gwen Stefani resident show which I know this isn't a concert review show but I will say it was very good.
That's the first time I've ever seen a residency show and part of what made that show really good. I mean not just the fact that Gwen's a good performer she's got a lot of great energy and you know she has a rich catalog because of course she did all the no doubt stuff too.
But just the fact that like the stage and the costumes and everything can be tailored because you're doing the same show over and over again you're not having to pack it up and take it somewhere else.
So the stage stuff ends up being very elaborate and it's really cool. Like some of like just the custom way they would shoot stuff for some of her performances were just amazing.
So yeah I had a great time at the show so if you're in the Vegas area I would recommend it or honestly now I'm like I want to go see more residency shows like I can't fucking believe I missed Brittany in this because Gwen's playing at the theater.
I would love to see Janet but you know who else is going to be there? Christina.
I'd rather see Janet.
Yeah I would love Janet too honestly.
As long as she's not you know caping for her brother.
Well that's complex yes. But anyway so I had a good time in Vegas. However there is one very important thing I did get to do in Las Vegas.
Finally I've only been there like four or five times and I finally went to and I actually have some b-roll for those of you on Twitch. I went to the Pinball Hall of Fame in Las Vegas.
So I actually so I had a very a very similar week to Dark Sakura where I played some pinball and some classic games.
So for those who are listening on the podcast feed we're looking at some of the shots of the Pinball Hall of Fame and you can see this is just a it's a place that's just full of various pinball machines.
It's kind of like going to California extreme.
I went to their old location before they moved.
Oh did you? I didn't even know they had a second location.
But they have a lot of like old classic games as well and those that are watching on Twitch can see some classic games that are on display as well.
I thought this figure ice skating game this ice review is really cute.
See they have the classic tables but they have that mixed in with some newer tables as well including and stuff from the 80s.
The minute I saw the Elvira party monsters machine I had to play it.
So I was like oh that was the first machine I played.
There's someone selling a scared stiff by the way for under a grand I think.
I played this Adams family that has the color replacement monitor which I thought was really cool.
Adams family is like a classic table.
The term you're looking for is a color DMD.
Thank you. And then they have classic arcade games as well.
So it wasn't just pinball they had classic arcades stuff as well.
Things like Tron and so forth.
I figured some folks out there like Brad might appreciate the Doctor Who table so I had to get a picture of that too.
Which also had the DRD color thing.
DM DMD sorry.
This was weird too.
So this was a machine you put in four dollars.
This has to be from the 50s or 60s.
And it actually injects all this plastic and makes a mold right in front of you of Donald Duck.
That is actually made for you right there while you're watching.
And you can actually pick it up there.
Melody couldn't figure out where the door was and then I had to point at where it was.
And this machine is so old Donald Duck came out without an eye.
But it was still pretty cool.
And it smelled like burnt plastic all in that area.
So yeah it was kind of neat.
I didn't even know that was a thing they had.
But I guess this machine you've probably seen this before the Pinball Circus.
Only one of two ever made.
Because it's like multiple layers on this thing.
Like you have pinballs that go up to a different track and all this other crazy stuff.
Pinball Circus was one of those tables that was released when Bally and Midway were really trying to expand out of the standard pinball.
That's actually the precursor to what became Pinball 2000.
Ah okay.
Because Pinball 2000 was the one that incorporated video and that.
And this was like right before that era of pinball.
Yeah. So anyway.
I didn't really get a chance to shoot everything that I played there.
But I wanted to bring back some footage for you guys.
Because I had a good time at the museum.
It was kind of like going to a classic game festival.
But just in the middle of Las Vegas.
So I guess in some ways you can go to the strip to see classic performers doing their residency show.
And you can go off strip to see classic arcade setups.
One last thing about that. The original location, the one that I went to, was right across the street from the Liberace Museum.
Oh.
So I didn't go to the Liberace Museum though. I'm sad.
This was next door to a place that sold video games.
And the guy that ran it was really nice.
He was talking to Melody and I and he actually let us kind of peek in his office.
Because he had a bunch of collectibles that were in there as well.
And he's trying to sell some games and stuff.
He had some cabinets in that place as well.
And the thing that cracked me up the most though was that there was something under construction right next to it.
Because there was a giant tarp and it had written on it, I assure you were open.
Just like the movie Clerks. I was dying.
So that made me happy.
So yeah. I had a good time.
So that ended up being pretty much my gaming week.
Because obviously unless we want to talk about slot machines.
Which I don't think we do.
Technically they're video games Konami makes.
I was going to say if we want to talk about Konami we can talk about slot machines.
Because I played a lot of them.
And I will say I set a $200 gambling budget for my Vegas trip.
Because that's the rule. You've got to set yourself a budget.
And I will say I stayed even.
I only ended up $20 under.
Which for a $200 budget isn't bad.
Yeah. And for the entertainment I got.
So. Anyway.
But still based on the video this does give me another excuse to go back to Vegas.
Because granted the way my flights worked out I ended up connecting in Vegas.
But of course I didn't leave McCarran because of that.
But Vegas was where my original partner and shenanigans my grandpa and grandpa would drive us there.
Me and my grandpa and him.
Oh good. Because I was going to say the Pinball Hall of Fame it's not on the strip by any means.
It's a ways away.
Oh still this is a more valid excuse thing than go wander the strip in half fields.
Yeah. But we were taking Lyft everywhere.
Just because thanks to. I will say this.
Because Bobby will get a kick out of this. He's listening.
Thanks to all these years of Dragon Con and the VoG suite and the reward points that come with that suite.
This Vegas hotel was free.
Gotta work some points.
Yeah exactly. Exactly. Not gonna.
But it's funny that like one year of Dragon Con can pay for two nights in Vegas in reward points.
So thank you Bobby. You helped with that.
But I brought back some B-roll for VoG so at least I could say it was a working trip.
But also going back to the Uber and Lyft thing.
I don't blame you for doing that. You didn't have me to help you get around.
That's true. That's true. No we didn't.
Yeah. We're just you know especially after we've had a little after after mimosas at brunch.
It's a little harder to navigate the transit system that's for sure.
All right. Anyway that's enough for our game. We need to get in some gaming news because we're getting a really late start tonight unfortunately.
So we may actually run through some of this news a little faster just because we have lost time because of the power outage at the beginning of the show.
So Bobby's like where's my free nights in Vegas. Bobby you pick the residency show and the days and we'll make it happen.
And depending on the show I might crash this party too. There you go.
And how is Hell's Kitchen.
OK. Yes. All right. So you don't just go to Vegas for the shows.
You go for the food which cannot be bought with reward points and that's where a lot of the budget went.
So we actually went to at Caesar's Palace Gordon Ramsay has an official Hell's Kitchen restaurant.
And so we actually ate there one night and I had the beef Wellington because you have you have to get something that's like their specialty.
So you can get lobster risotto which I didn't. Yeah I don't really care for that. Yeah.
But I got the beef Wellington. Oh my God.
That is one of the best meals I've had in my entire life. Like really. Seriously. Like you know I paid for it.
It was an expensive dinner but it was it was worth it.
So Wellington is a bitch to prepare. Yeah. Yeah. And that's why you have to make a puff pastry. You have to. Oh God.
I want to cook it though. That's why it's a classic. I've made it before and they're delicious. Yeah.
I also had these scallops but they were like of course they were bacon infused somehow.
But yeah I think really good because why not. But I'll tell you this one more one more foodie thing and then we'll get into video game news I promise.
The thing that really blew my mind was that you could order like a smoked whiskey or smoked bourbon.
The smoked bourbon. They actually bring it to you in a lantern case with smoke in it that when they open it you could like smell this because the people at the table next to us got it.
And like even the cocktails were so extra as fuck. I loved it. If there's actually a channel called cocktail chemistry.
And this guy is amazing. He tells you how to infuse alcohol smoke into alcohol using a whipped cream container.
It's actually well not like a store bought one but like the one like the professional whipped cream things like they have at Starbucks.
But he talks about how to use this to infuse quick infuse flavors into alcohols.
Yeah I will crazy. I will say a lot of people associate Vegas with gambling and shows but you can not forget about the food.
Like if you go to Vegas you need to you need to set the money aside and do some nice and I'm not talking about space and for that we did go to for space but I didn't buy anything sadly.
Okay. I hope I'm saying this name right in our chat J's unknown in our chat says OMG stop. I'm stuck here with cheese balls.
Don't feel bad. Cheese balls are rad to OK. I go for some cheese balls.
When I if I do pull Vegas out of my behind pretty soon I'll be doing the buffets and dedicating my money to other shenanigans.
All right. Let's get let's go on. We got to get into some news. We got it. Let's get into some of the headlines for the week.
Loki once you start us off. So E.A. once again is not going to be at E3.
Remember E.A. kind of does their own thing across the street.
Well the difference this year is also not going to have a conference which good riddance because I don't need to see any more of that goddamn FIFA nonsense that they waste all the time with having actual like you know football players they're talking about shit and just dragging it out.
But instead what they're going to do is kind of like the Nintendo treehouse.
They're going to be displaying gameplay through a very extended period of time over the course of a couple of days.
So that may end up working out better for them anyways.
Are you saying that another video game company has decided there just isn't much point to spending all this money to get a booth at E3 when they can just take their message through the power of the Internet directly to the gamers.
Well they've done that. They've done it before like it been across the street but like yeah they're not they're not going to do their press conference.
They're just going to do the thing over the course of a few days which is fine because then I think that they could I think that they also still like did that last year.
They're just not going to do. I don't know. I don't really know what they have. It's going to be really unique and new.
I mean they pretty much announced the same damn games every year. It's always it's always Battlefield, FIFA, Madden, NHL and NBA Live.
There's your lineup. I mean like it's the same fucking games every year.
So I mean so Bobby of course is ribbing you a little bit in chat like he usually does.
Oh and UFC I'm sorry.
Saying I don't need to see them talk about the most popular sports game in the world. Nobody cares.
But you're kind of saying.
No I'm not talking about the like the game. They could talk about the game all they want. I'm talking about when they take us.
They're like OK here's our press conference but hold on let's stop showing the game. Let's talk to this football player for a good fucking 15 minutes.
That's what I'm having a problem with.
They could show me the game and all the cool shit that they're done with it but when they stop the whole event to have this one on one interview because people they like you know football games are going to like this interview.
Fuck that. You know what. If I want to watch your interview you put that up on an own separate video on your own channel and I can go watch that shit later on.
You don't need to interrupt my fucking you know press conference for this shit. That's my problem.
Your press conference.
I'm watching it's my fucking press conference. They'll put it on the fucking internet if you don't want me to see it.
Oh my God the entitled gamer vibe is so strong right now but I get it. I get it. Like you know I get that maybe they spend a lot of time on game.
I think it's the same with Sony. I gave Sony the same ship for their musical interlude. I didn't need that shit but I think it's that the thing for you if I'm not mistaken is that like OK.
Of course we know a FIFA game is coming. Of course we know it's going to be better graphics better more better soccer more rosters.
Yes all that stuff right. It's going to be the definitive version because it's the version that didn't exist a year ago.
We know all that. So you're kind of like since this is a given game do we really have to spend 15 minutes talking to a soccer legend that really has nothing to do with the game itself besides the fact maybe their names on it.
Maybe they're on the box or yes. I kind of I kind of see where you're going with that though. So anyway S.S.U. 100 map says hold up FIFA had a really innovative story mode in a sports game.
They spent time talking with players to make this story mode.
OK. Then show the story but not the interview. You had had all that extra time instead of doing the interview to show the story mode.
Since it's so innovative and new that they focus so much on it. Ben said no we had a goddamn interview. All right. I've tried to title him a little bit. I have I have very low patience for wasting time.
And I feel when you do like stuff that's wasting time and this could be anything is a lot of it is tied to having celebrities come up and wasting time with the celebrities that have nothing to do with the fucking game or very little to do the fucking and musical interludes and this can be anything from you know instrumental music.
It could be like here's Eminem to come out and do some rap shit for whatever like Call of Duty gamer like I don't remember who was they had like a rap song that was in like the end of black ops or some shit and they had like the guy come out and perform this.
I don't fucking care. That's in the goddamn credits. That's not. I mean stop wasting time. You can you know what you claim in my time or claiming my time. Exactly.
Because like seriously like even like even with Nintendo Direct for example where they haven't allotted like say 30 minutes or so that they're going to be showing off stuff.
It's like oh well we didn't have time to show this very large announcement because we were focused on this stuff when we have EA which maybe doesn't have as many of announcements to make.
It seems like OK well you spent all this time doing this but you could also been talking about like this other indie game that you're publishing or this other thing or this other thing.
I just think time better spent.
I want to look at the other side of it for a minute here because here's the other Twitter clickbait sensation thing. Is E3 dead.
No because they saw the public paying for it now. So it's just going to transform into some other thing. Is E3 as important as it used to be as far as getting the relationships with your vendors and their relationships with the press.
No it's not as important anymore. Did one of you ladies have a thought. Is E3 dead. I thought I saw. Sorry I was about to jump in there. To be fair I never really gave a shit about E3 to begin with.
That's a strong statement. Why is that. Well just considering I do know this show I put more stock in your guys's opinions.
That's a very sweet thing to say. But are you saying. So let me let me try to translate what you're saying there is that you realize that E3 and this is kind of like I don't want to put words in your mouth so please correct me if I'm wrong.
But I think what you're saying is that you find a very diluted message E3 a very we're sticking to the script a very like press release on a conference floor at E3 and you would rather hear what real people touch in those games.
Looks sounds like looks and sounds like basically. OK. OK. I kind of felt that's where you're going with it because to be fair that's that's where a lot of my frustrations with E3 ended up being as well as that I felt like what's the point of me going.
Nobody goes off script here. No developer wants to talk about anything that's not a very we're not an influencer enough to be all even if they were.
Look at the influencers the people to do all those interviews E3. They don't go off. Oh actually that's one of the things. No offense to the influencers that they had on their on their show.
But I think sometimes influencers aren't necessarily presenters of a large event. You know it's kind of they're not really used to that type of thing.
Like I'll be honest if I was set to present an event like that I would probably be all fucked up and nervous as well. So I mean it's I think that also the feedback that they probably got from some of those press events wasn't exactly positive.
And I think doing something a little bit more intimate where they have you know kind of the gameplay basically the Nintendo Treehouse shit I think is more effective because you got more attention on that stuff.
You can spend more time talking about stuff and hell if you want to do your stupid 15 minute interview by all means you've got two days to do it. So why not.
All right. Let's move on. I would love to spend more time talking about it but we're running long time tonight so let's move on and talk about a sequel of sorts to a very large game on the Nintendo Switch.
This last year Octopath Traveler is getting a brand new segment to the story shall we say. But here's the twist. It's coming out for mobile phones.
That's right. It is an Android and iOS game. So Octopath Traveler Champions of the Continent was announced this week and it will have that same look and feel to it because Octopath Traveler for the switch was probably originally going to be a cell phone game anyway.
So this is kind of back in the wheelhouse where it was probably coming from. But it is important to point out this is not a it's not a port of excuse me Octopath Traveler.
I don't think it's truly a sequel either. I think they're saying it's actually a bit of a prequel. Japanese mobile app stores should be getting this game at some point later in 2019.
You can apply starting this week for access to an early demo. No word on the international release but I don't see how that won't happen considering how well the sales were here.
There's not a lot on the plot but apparently there will be a mode in this game where you can play all eight people at once. That's going to be pretty cool.
So yeah curious to see how that plays out. I think it's supposed to be like a prequel or something that's like taking place in the same universe at the same time.
Kind of like Final Fantasy 15 was started as the 13 versus or whatever that whole type of thing. But yeah it's something else in that I guess realm.
But also should be noted is that the official Twitter account for Octopath Traveler did mention this in a tweet.
For those of you waiting for a new console game we apologize but we'll need more time for production. So in the meantime we hope you'll enjoy this.
Which is the response to smartphone game. So if you want to read between the lines maybe it's the whole the smartphone game is 2019.
Octopath Traveler 2 or whatever they call the sequel will be a 2020 type of release. I guess that's kind of what I'm reading into it is the whole you know this isn't the sequel but it's something to hold you over until the sequel is ready.
I mean don't you guys have phones?
No no not that same type of announcement. So anyway. All right let's move on.
Dar Sakura you also have some pretty big news from this week right?
I do and people are already shitting one way or another about it.
But Nintendo announced the Labo VR kit for Switch which I'm like looking at it like that looks like virtual boy levels of pain right there.
But it is a neat idea the way they're going to do it. I'd really need to reserve my true judgment for actually seeing it.
But looking at the box having like a camera attachment is kind of neat and all the educational you know things that could go into it.
Of course there's also like a bazooka blaster thing and then looks like a elephant.
I was like words I can't make words or you can look in a bird's ass.
So that's very proctologist the game is going to be pretty amazing.
But there are it's going to go by Nintendo Labo VR kit as two versions which is a full set for 80 bucks.
That's the software goggles and five cardboard designs and a smaller one that has the goggles and the designs.
You can get the blaster rifle one. I mean honestly the camera one would be more interesting to me but it's pretty pretty neat.
I mean it could be bigger than it is you know.
But at the same time I don't know if it's going to come off as well in execution as it sounds in theory.
I think it looks neat. I mean they better call that gun though the super scope because I mean it's a goddamn super scope.
Well you know and I think here's the thing I think we just have to set our expectations appropriately for this VR.
There is no strap there is no head helmet thing.
So this is meant to be something you're going to hold up and especially for a child you're going to hold this up short term.
So whatever experiences are going to be in this VR are going to be meant to be short term.
And when Bobby was on tonight talking about this topic I kind of compared it to the Viewmaster 3D.
You remember those things like 70s and 80s maybe because you're too young but you remember.
They still have Viewmaster.
Oh that's right Viewmaster still is a brand huh.
It's actually a VR brand now.
Oh well that doesn't surprise me but you know how that was a very like you look through the thing and you see like a picture you move.
Now obviously I'm not saying literally that but I'm saying like OK like when you saw the 3DS Nintendo might have these little 3D movies.
These little 3D animations that you could see and experience for a short time and then that was it.
Like you're not going to see like this does not mean Breath of the Wild VR thanks to Labo.
That's not what's going to happen.
I'm sure it'll be fun. They wouldn't make a game if it wasn't fun.
So I'm sure it'll be fun.
I just think I don't know. I just I wish it could do more because you know the potential for like Nintendo games in a VR environment that were good.
That would be really amazing but this is not going to be that.
It's just I don't know.
Well let me let me ask this question because I would be super curious to know about this genuinely because you know Dark Sakura previously on the show you've expressed when it comes to VR.
There's a lot of you know hesitations and things that you don't like about the VR platform.
But the way Nintendo is approaching this with the more short term thing in mind where it's maybe less like attached to you two.
Does this seem maybe a little more like I could I could try this I could dip my toe in this or you know kind of like no.
OK so no no.
Not interested.
OK.
I mean it was a fair question to ask.
It's a neat idea but I'm not interested in it personally.
So OK.
What else.
All right.
But but for those of us that are cool beans enjoy your headaches.
Well let's move on.
Loki what else do we have from this week.
Well let's talk a little bit about PlayStation.
So PlayStation had a brand new firmware update six point five that brings remote play to iOS so you can use your iPhones and iPads to be able to play as a second screen kind of like you can on that console.
The Vita that no one ever talks about anymore.
To be fair the Vita was our kickoff topic on last week's episode.
I don't know if you recall.
I know that's the joke.
Oh OK.
We pretend.
Whatever.
Anyways.
So you can actually do that.
The only issue though right now is that they don't really have a way to pair like a PlayStation 4 controller to it.
So you either have to use another brand Bluetooth controller that is compatible with it or the on screen controls.
I've got a chance to actually try this because I don't have an iOS device that can actually do this.
But you know it's a neat thing that I like how they are supporting more devices.
I hope they support Android soon.
That would be pretty cool.
Although I don't really want to play on my phone but it would be neat just to see more support for that type of stuff.
And then this is kind of cool.
So in Asia regions previously you know for us in North America and other regions we use the X button as our select button for mainly everything.
Whereas in Asian regions they use the circle button as their select button.
Well now we can have parity across all regions because you have the ability now to switch that for X to be confirmed and O to be back.
So you can decide to do that if you want.
That's pretty awesome.
Couldn't you do that before with the accessibility options?
The accessibility options you can but I think this is just strictly just to have the menu select options as something different.
But yeah you could with this accessibility do that.
Sounds like same feature in new packaging type of thing.
Maybe a little quicker to flip it around.
Yeah or so you don't have to completely like I maybe they have it set up for menus so that like in game it's not all backwards because I've done that before.
Where like my my younger son when he was playing games he had trouble like with the controls like how to drive a car in like Lego games.
So I had to switch his acceleration from the triggers to the X button.
And so that way he could use that easier for him because his hands are really small.
So that's worked in the past.
But then I like and we played another game later on like what was this all back.
Oh that's right. I switched that.
I completely forgot about that.
Yeah so it's nice to have that separate where it's just in menus.
Okay that's fair. I get it now. Cool.
All right. Well I have to download you know since I'm an iPhone person I'll have to download that and check that out.
Although I just I feel like the only thing I'm going to really be able to do with that is like I'm not going to play games.
You're really going to be able to do nothing with that I think.
Well here's the thing I would think like oh I could watch Twitch on my PS4.
Wait why would I do that? I have a Twitch app on my phone.
Okay I could watch Netflix.
Wait why would I do that? I have a Netflix app on my phone.
So I'm kind of like well what everything kind of feels redundant.
I guess maybe if there's like a low intensity game that doesn't really use the controllers as much or something maybe there's something to play there.
But I just I don't. I think realistic.
Tetris Effect. No.
I it depends on that latency.
I think the latency will probably be too bad to do it.
But you know I guess Tetris Effect would be something you could play.
But anyway.
Alright let's move on and talk a little bit about some updates for Sonic.
So Sonic is going to be at South by Southwest.
And if you can't be there the live panel will be streamed.
So there's going to be a panel on what is it it's the 16th of March.
And there's going to be some guests there on the panel that have to do with Sonic the Hedgehog.
I do not believe this is about Sonic the movie necessarily.
Although there's a good chance maybe this is when the trailer finally hits.
Is this panel right.
I suppose.
Yeah because they actually have what they have like Takashi Iizuka and folks that are at this.
So I don't I think it's probably about the games the journey of Sonic and everything but not necessarily the movie until maybe the end will probably be like and here's that worldwide debut trailer right here at South by Southwest.
Maybe I don't know.
I'm still holding that hope that it's not crap.
All right. Well speaking of the trailer many people are talking this week and this is more of a visual so I can't really get I mean yes I could put the B roll.
But where is that beautiful B roll footage.
Remember it is a podcast over the audio folks I don't want to be like look at this.
But if you do go to Google and the different websites and take a look at you know this this leaked Sonic picture or what have you.
There's a pretty good idea of what Sonic looks like in the movies at this point.
Or you go to you go to our discord because Tiger Claw has been posting all the latest updates on the Sonic movie there.
Or you imagine a smurf that's taking crack kind of and is running.
So anyway some of the materials are out there increasingly garbage looks like branded materials.
I don't know. You know what. I just I need to see the trailer.
I just I'm going to reserve judgment until I see an emotion.
It's a little bit like this is a departure.
Like imagine like imagine if we had just some of the stills from the Pokemon Detective Pikachu trailer like some of like the more like lick tongue and shit like that.
Everyone would be like oh my God what the fuck have they done to this shit.
You know that's surprisingly a good point from you Loki.
But I have a feeling that we're just going to see this shit in motion and it's just going to be shit anyways.
But Jim Carrey's in it so you'll see it.
I am going to see it no matter how garbage it is.
Okay. Jason1 in our chat wants to know what's worse Sonic or the Genie.
Honestly truly the Genie.
The Genie.
It just it doesn't look right.
Easily the Genie.
I don't have a problem with Will Smith as the Genie whatsoever.
Nothing is ever going to be Robin Williams and that's the first thing you got to accept.
But the way they projected the face it didn't look right.
It's like fucking Scorpion King bad.
Like I mean it's pretty bad.
Like they should have just made him made the Genie just the Genie.
Don't make it fucking Will Smith.
Just make it a Genie that he's voicing the character of.
Why did they make it look like goddamn Will Smith.
They didn't make the Genie look like Robin Williams.
I mean I don't understand why they couldn't have just made it its unique character and he does the voice.
What's the problem with that.
Yeah.
Wait wait.
I want to see it in motion until I really make a decision one way or the other.
So.
Alright.
Um.
Let's see.
Let's move on.
I think that's all I want to say about Sonic for now.
Until we have a trailer.
Um.
Let's talk about some classic.
Not the classic of the week but some other classics.
Right Dark Sakura?
Yes.
Well.
SNK is going to be doing monthly collections of some of their classic arcade soundtracks.
So if you want that old school Neo Geo ear bleeding synthesizer you can have it.
Boy do I.
It will be.
Volume one will be launching in Japan on April 24th for 3200 yen.
About 28 bucks US.
Um.
And.
It will have.
Actually.
Um.
Each volume of the SNK arcade sound digital collection will be available to preorder from City Connections Clary store.
I can put a link to that in the chat.
But.
Um.
I'm trying to see what's going to be on the first series of them.
Okay.
Volume one will have Beast Busters Chopper 1.
Bermuda Triangle and Prehistoric Island 1930.
Which.
Not super popular games but.
I want to say those are some deep cuts.
Like.
Where's Crystalis?
And.
As a.
In the chat Quest Buster says Magician Lord.
That's a good one too.
Right.
Or um.
Fatal Fury.
Fatal Fury had some sweet.
Background music.
Baseball stars.
Yeah.
So.
Alright.
But I understand.
SNK did have a very rich.
Especially in the arcade.
There's a lot of games that came out.
Like in Japan.
That maybe there was a couple of machines here.
I want a Last Blade soundtrack.
Yeah.
Something fierce.
I wonder if they will do.
Um.
Like.
You know.
Capcom's all over Spotify now.
So I wonder if um.
And I assume they're on the.
The Apple platform and.
Yeah.
I've got a bunch of.
Pandora's and all.
You know.
The comparable stuff.
Um.
So.
Yeah.
Mm hmm.
Mm hmm?
Yeah.
Just witnessing that section on the right.
Yes
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Yes.
Mm hmm.
Uh.
I'm writing the fanfic and yeah right now where you know they're gonna get up there on the stage and be like we have a
$99 system in store today and a partnership with Nintendo whack like that is well
And they're saying that the the pre-orders are gonna open mid-april is the rumor right now so pre-orders in April for what a June launch
maybe I
Just
Man Microsoft made that this this is this is the year where they're gonna go for it
You know to make up for what happened to them at e3 a few years ago
And if they can put a $99 so when's their next system launching though is my question though is if you're gonna do this
Then you launch your next system
But haven't haven't they said since the beginning the new system will still or the old system will still play the new systems games
They've said that from the beginning
It'll just be that it might have a shitty framerate and stuff, but it will play the new system
Well they also have well if I remember correctly they also supposed to have their Xbox cloud
Thing that they're gonna be the cloud streaming service that they're supposed to be introducing as well
So maybe that's the way they're gonna get these newer games on these older systems is basically
Running everything in the cloud, and it's gonna. You know kind of like how we do with Assassin's Creed Odyssey and like the switch
Okay, I'm being corrected in chat to be fair that the Xbox one is still
Detiorama s predicts without the optical drive and the three terabyte drive
I could see it going for 199 you are all making a point that the drive inside
It could be something that you know maybe makes it not able to be $99 cuz there's gonna have to be a pretty beefy
hard drive in that thing
But maybe 149 is still a pretty sweet price to go for but can I just if they could do it again?
You know set your expectations that may be like 199
But can you imagine if Microsoft could do it if they could say we've figured out a way to get the cost and we're gonna
Put out for 99 bucks, and if you want to expand the storage you just plug in your own hard drive in the back here
Maybe that's how they do it
they say it's got a really crappy little hard drive in it you know, but you could just plug in your own into the back and
You're good to go hard. There's no very expensive nowadays. That's true. That's true. We'll see
anyway
Other comments in chat here Deidre my ass is convinced. They can't do it for 99 bucks
Yeah, 99 it's a bit that's a bit of a stretch, but I would see like $200 they could do
I wish it was lower. I mean never obviously lower the better. I think but yeah, whatever
You know if they could I don't know it will be interesting to see what they do
It sure will so we'll see what happens. I mean we were all going off kind of rumors right now, but these are
We've kind of seen that this is where Microsoft wants to go
We kind of already saw this with the original Xbox one in some of their direction
Good deal, I just wish it was on PC
Jason one says subsidized consoles super low-cost all digital version
Microsoft is pulling a lot of moves to get you into their ecosystem
I would feel safe betting on this being their generation. You know what there's there it is
I think Jason one just said it. That's how they say $99
$99 with one-year agreement
Mmm, how about that? How about that? They could they could and then they're still saying
$99
You know and that's gonna be a big deal if they can do that, but I've and that could that could be it
It'll be nine out with one year agreement. I know I'm so fixated on this 99 thing
I won't let it go, but it just it just sounds so good
It's it is because it's undercutting everybody by a lot
And I think that's just the way to do it because you're looking at like you know late in the week's life
The Wii was going for 99 late in the cycle any like you're looking at the switch
So I mean like think about your you're talking about buying your switch for your switch or an Xbox and you know for your kids
You're like, okay. Well, you can have this but then you get this full library of games that's included for like 10 bucks a month
Okay, anyway
We'll think it's actually been an ongoing trend though with different developers
Like remember the PlayStation the very first models of PlayStation how?
They would take stuff out and the price would go down they take stuff out the price would go down
Until the finally we had just the most bare bones of systems and then we had the ps1. Mm-hmm
It's the same thing and I really do think that
Either 99 or 129 are gonna be the price points. Those tend to be averages
I don't know why they pick ending in 9 as a number instead of just something even it's like how they sell gas
It's just that whole that it sounds cheaper
99 cents sounds cheaper than a dollar. Where do you go shopping dollar tree or 99 cent store?
dollar tree
Unless I really want obscure me. Oh, she's different unless I want obscure Mexican sodas
Then I go to or the guava soda
then I go to 99 second I got weird shit look look I
We I I'm saying it so much that I'm setting an expectation there and I don't want to do that
I want to give Microsoft a fair shot and see what they can pull but I don't I I
Just feel like if they if they could just really undercut and I mean on it
But you know
I've been I've been having this fanfic if you've been listening to all our for any length of time
I have had a Microsoft fanfic her up for a long time that if anybody is gonna do something big and crazy
I really feel like it's gonna be Microsoft
You know, how long have I been saying Microsoft's gonna be the first one to come out and say, you know
We've been making you pay for gold for all the player all these years
Not anymore gold is free and that they're gonna shift their payment system to the their things like game pass
It's gonna be what what carries them. They're not gonna
It would be amazing. But no, but that has been fanfic
I've been saying on the show for five years and have you as yet to come true. So it's it's fine
Anyway fanfics are meant to be a fantasy. That's right. You live yours. That's right. I will I'm feeling my fantasy right now
Ignore the reality Valentina
Alright red M&Ms only
Let's move on and talk about a fantasy a lot of feelings
Let's talk about a fantasy. A lot of people are feeling right now Tetris 99, right?
It's like who knew that a battle royale game without guns would do so flippin well
But people are going crazy about Tetris 99. I'm actually really sad. I didn't get to do this
So sadly this event is over now, but I just want to talk about the fact that it happened
So I was in Vegas the whole time
I don't know if any of you guys checked it out, but from March 8th through March 10th
So actually is it still going right now today's yeah, today's the 10th
So actually technically it's still going on for a few hours
So if you're listening live you can get it in and out you can go into this
Maximus Cup and when you get first place you get Tetris Maximus on the screen the top
999 players with the most Tetris Maximus is will get
999 gold points that be maxim ease or maximize
It's just Maximus. I don't know anyway, but
999 gold points is basically nine dollars and ninety nine cents. I mean
Give it I mean because you can't you have like a max number of gold points
You can apply towards a game, but if you're buying a brand new see star game
You can take ten dollars off essentially. That's what that's what this is doing cool. I know it's me hey
I just think it's rad that Nintendo is getting into this kind of competition
For like real shit. You know even if it's like okay. It's just gold point. Hey, you know what I used gold points
Last time I bought something digital a free game. You're getting free stuff on top of the free game. It's well
Well, yeah, I know you have to pay asterisk little footnote little footnote. Yeah, you do have to be an online subscriber
But technically there's other games though that you have to pay for and then you have to pay for the service
So it technically is a free game that you have to have the service for but whatever
Get them have the console too. I mean so technically it's ever free dark Tetsuya
I kind of hate you for this comment, but I don't isn't that kind of what one versus 100 did
Yeah
Gave away something for nothing. Yeah, I miss that game. That's the battle royale game. We deserve
Game room go back. I know I know y'all are making me cry here. Can you imagine if Microsoft came out and said?
$99 yeah, we're bringing game room back. I wonder is this 100
and Ridge Racer
We're big fans of orange lounge radio here at Microsoft. We're gonna give those fools everything they give them all of the things
We even know who you are we're granting wishes
We remember you you had an icon on our service
You're not nobody's to us
Yay, somebody cares alright
Let's let's take a trip down memory lane to some classics that we certainly care about
It's the classic game of the week
Every week dark soccer goes into the gaming vault and finds a game ten years or older that she thinks hey
You brats you should be playing this game to put put down your fortnight's
Yeah, fuck night, and you're Tetris now now. They haven't made that game yet, and you're four skins
And pick this up instead yeah, and actually I don't for this week's particular choice
I think you you didn't have to go into the vault you just reach in your pocket right I did all right
What is the classic game of the week no B no B boy
Remember how we were all kind of minorly obsessed with this weird shit
Well you but yes
Someone else in this room was playing it on the console
I didn't play it as much as you know we know we know it. No we know we know it. No we know B
boy for smash
Right in any rate. It's a weird fucking game. Can I just say first?
This is ten years old because I very vividly remember chats about this game on
Olr because katamari namashi guy made a new game
He also is working on another game coming out right now, but it's due later this year Chad is having the same reaction right now
This is over ten years old fuck damn. I'm old
Those were all different comments by the way fuck damn. I'm old. I don't know I made all those in one in my head
Anyway, so the game no B. No B boy. It's it's a weird one is by Takahashi Keita
It was published by Namco Bandai, and it came out in Japan on February 19th
That's for ps3 the iOS version came out February 18th 2010 which is when I played the most of
But in the game you play a character named boy who can stretch his body one of the meanings of no B
Is stretch no B. No B. Also means carefree, so it's kind of a pun
You know which many many neat games are named after a pun
So anyway, he's he's kind of a worm character who has four legs
And you use the controller the left analog stick for is the front of boy and the right?
Analog stick is the back of boy
and so you move them in opposite directions to try to get boy's body to stretch and
Then you maneuver boy around his environment and he can eat stuff
And there's also like barnyard animals and shit hanging around and people and weird things
Is that a person riding on a bear anyway? It's a guy riding unicycle with chicken on his head
anyway, you accumulate points by how much you stretch in the game and you
Transmit these points online via a character called Sun to know the character called girl and
So basically all
All the cumulative this is everybody playing the game all these points that boy played by everybody transmits to girl
causes girl to stretch and get new levels and so
You know you start on earth, and then girl will stretch to the moon and Mars and Jupiter etc
Until she's strings back around to earth and you get other environments that way, too
Maybe someday we'll get a sequel and she'll simply be known as girl girl
Girl girl what you been?
It's like she expanded out into outer space this time anyway
So they expected
It to take between one to two weeks to reach the moon it took four days
so
As of December from the week of December 25th to December 31st 2011 they reached Uranus or Uranus
So basically it took girl a
Full loop around the solar system girl. She's loopy. She got around okay girl
She gets around and so she got she's been around Uranus
She got back to earth on December 14th 2015 so that's a good solid
Six years of play a little bit longer, maybe and then after
2489 days of playing girl reached the Sun and everyone died no
But that's actually the end of the game that girls on fire
Step that pussy up on fire
anyway
There were also look you pick a weird game like no B. No B. Boy you get a weird segment
Can't you eat your own ass in this game?
That makes no B. No B. Boy the Ouroboros
Anyway
Anyway there were lucky weeks that went on where a random number was chosen and every time the player reported
Their length, but not their girth
It was multiplied by that number so the first one was May 11th to May 22nd on
2009 and then there were different ones and he basically Keita would write about lucky week
Thanks to everyone's effort girl has managed to stretch out a lot
So long way to go and reaching Mars, but we will see you in June for the time being so he kept going like that
There was one multiplier that increased to two hundred two million
15 and
That finished girl. That was the one that finished girl's journey
So it is a weird game and basically the announcement of the game started by Takahashi
Holding out a stretch hose with two pink balls on the end
Remember that though we saw that he said it wasn't a controller, but a visual to help display the game, and then they showed boy
The playable prototype was at game city 2007 international interactive entertainment festival fuck that song
Where it was delivered as the
festivals vision statement of the year and it had three boys that were interacting with the animals and doing stuff and
and tangle their boys
So it was originally developed on Xbox on an Xbox 360 development kit
but was ported to PlayStation 3 and that was because
Takahashi stated that the symmetrical design of the analog six on the ps3
offered better control
and then
It had on April 29 2009
it was updated to include an offline player mode for up to four players where all the boys could play and stretch their things and
You know play with each other's boys
But it got pretty good ratings it on Metacritic was 75 out of 100
and IGN
Stated that the game was unique it could have been played on the ps1 and as of May
2009 it sold about a hundred thousand units and
But Takahashi himself said he was not completely satisfied with the game. What girl?
There also is a website at o dash dash o dot JP
Which I guess is supposed to be boys body so you can play with boys body online
You
Can stretch them out is that it that's it
Thank you, but thank you for that memorable class to give it a wee segment
They're getting out of the new window your classic game of the week
No be no be boy
Which I remember being a mobile phone thing cuz I played it mostly on the play most on the phone you would talk about it
Every week on the show be like how is your gaming week? Well? I played nobody boy
Girl girls gone around
Pluto yeah, so good pick. I can't believe that game is over ten years old. It's crazy. Yeah, I mean
It just is such a crazy little freaky game, but technically they reached endgame, so good job girl. Good job boy
All right
Nobody nobody boy is your classic game of the week girls got goals. She's going places, and you know what?
The boy is the support character. It's really the girl story. Where's she going all right for our next story?
We're gonna go to this pre-recorded segment from earlier today
Okay hello from a streaming studio, and this is pretty cool
We're taking a look tonight at Diablo not Diablo 3 or unfortunately not a new Diablo
But the old-school Diablo this is actually Diablo 1 in all its glorious
You're kind of limited to moving in eight directions
The graphics are a little bit subpar glory
But you know this game is what well over what like 20 years old at this point
And it just the reason why it's in the news this week is because it just recently was released on GOG or good old games
not through battle net
Activision Blizzard's own client, but actually released with a partnership with
GOG or you know I still call them good old games even though
I think everybody is supposed to be calling them GOG.com at this point, but anyway
It's just the way I remember with the giant subtitles when you talk to people and everything
Let me see if I can make my way over to the church. I'm playing a sorcerer here, which of course I named mr.
Smoosh after
My cat I
Think the church is up here in the corner. It's interesting because you don't even have a map in the town
When you go back and play an old game like this you really realize the types of quality of life
Improvements that you've got oh yeah, something's going on here. This isn't good. They got a wounded guy there listen to me
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we gotta go kill things come on, so let's see if I can get down here into the dungeon
Oh my gosh
Have problems just moving around
Here's the chest this is what Diablo used to be
Before the game that probably more people know about now there we go killing some of the skeletons here anyway
So yeah, I guess there's some type of partnership now between Blizzard and good old games in fact
There was a press release that came out where the vice president of executive producer over at Blizzard Rob
Bridenbecker said that you know they were bummed that these games weren't available for their players
So they've kind of worked out a partnership to make them possible
You actually have to click to collect the gold in the old Diablo games
So you notice I'm just kind of killing some mobs here using my staff although
I think if I remember right it wasn't left. Oh, no you can right-click, okay?
I thought you always had to push s to actually cast the spell
But that'll do that I can set these other guys on fire, but anyway the game is gonna run
Yeah, $9.99 if you decide to pick it up on good old games
No word yet on like when other old Blizzard games may come out if any I think they have talked about
Warcraft orcs and humans and Warcraft 2 also coming to the service. That would be kind of neat if that happened
I would imagine Warcraft 3 probably not gonna happen anytime soon because they have that remaster coming out
How do I get in this room there we go?
Boy these guys are like taking away my health
There we go, maybe a new new item here
That yeah
When you see the original Diablo like this you see just how different this is
Versus when they did that event in Diablo 3 that just kind of put like an old-school skin on
Diablo 3 and it just it just plays Diablo 3, but this is definitely the old-school experience and oh
No, I died I forgot how weak this guy is
So that's it cuz you're in hardcore mode when you play in the original Diablo. So now I have to
Let's see. I guess that's it. I gotta start a new game
All right. Well, maybe I could go back to the hero. I was on I
Gotta cast more of my spells or I'm gonna die more often. I guess yikes. That wasn't good
Does that make me not a real gamer since I died in the dungeon?
Is that like dying in the tutorial level and cuphead? I don't know
I guess I'm just too used to all the conveniences that come with Diablo 3 including a
Little bit of an easier difficulty and the fact that you know
If you play a wizard, you probably shouldn't be up there in the fray. I really should be standing back and casting spells. I
Also kind of wonder if my loot is gonna be where I died there previously if I can like oh no
Oh, no, it was rearranged
Those good old random dungeons
Do let's see I gotta I gotta actually pick my spell again. There we go
Yeah this time there we go now I can kill these guys from a distance and it's gonna work a little better
So when you first launched the game in the
GOG launcher or whatever you
It's called you actually get a little pop-up window that allows you to pick between two different versions of Diablo
You can get the original with the old school graphics
Like what was it like 320 pixel resolution like it's it's really old and scaled back
But I believe that's the version it'll actually still work with battle net if you
You know want to be able to play with friends and all that stuff or you can do the souped up version of the game
Oh, I ran out of mana
You could do the souped up version of the game
Which is what I'm playing now that allows you to play up to like 4k resolution
Which is kind of it again, they didn't go back and oh god, I called out too many mobs. I'm gonna get killed again
Trying to talk and concentrate on the game it's very difficult. Anyway, there we go now I'm frying some of these guys from a distance
But you can still do land mode even with the
Souped up graphics. Oh, I'm out of mana. I'm gonna have to get it. Oh, no. Oh, no
Wow, look at that I died twice
I'm really good at this old-school Diablo
well
There you have it a look at the original Diablo if you want to go back to like, you know
when Diablo was
Probably like Dark Souls hard or at least maybe I shouldn't be trying to play a wizard if I want to get up there and close
In combat, maybe I need to partner up with somebody through land mode actually play with somebody else
To help getting through the dungeon a little bit easier
But if you want to go back and play this game when it's a you know
A little more difficult you can do that now thanks to the partnership between Blizzard and good old games. And again, it's good cost
$9.99 and
Warcraft and Warcraft 2 likely on the way soon, except we don't know when so
Look forward to me being really bad at those games too in the very new future. Anyway for now back to the studio
Alright so yeah, I almost didn't want to air that because of how bad
I did playing Diablo, but you know, it's funny. That wasn't even the first take that was because the very first I was like
Oh, I'm just gonna jump into a blind, you know, cuz you can just kind of pick up Diablo 3 and go
So I'm just gonna jump into this Diablo 1 bride blind and see what I can remember you bringing mr
Smoosh on for a cameo the twitch people are gonna love that. Although I don't know if smoosh likes being held that long. Ah
He's probably just all curious there anyway, oh he's
He's he's ready to take a break. Oh
You might want to make sure he gets down, okay, I don't think he's gonna like trying to get up from there. Yeah. Anyway, um, so
No, mr. Smoosh don't knock over the camera, please
Thank you for the distraction dark saga, that's alright it was a worthwhile one, um
I'm sure somebody's clipping that as we speak anyway, um, but as far as the Diablo goes
I I couldn't remember where the church was and there's no like map or anything
I was like do I have to pick up a quest?
Like what do I have to like it took a minute for me to get oriented for him?
So let's do I couldn't like just jump in and play so it does kind of say something about like oh, yeah
Like it's not necessarily the games got easier
I mean they did a little bit but also I think to some extent just like the quality and the
accessibility is the right word in this context
But just the ease of jumping it right into the game has certainly improved quite a bit and then obviously like in the video
I I clearly should not have just started out with a sorcerer and I didn't go around town trying to buy things
There's probably I should I probably should try to buy armor because I'm sure you said get started with a little gold
You know try to buy something to help me out in that story would have helped a little bit
But you live you learn and that's how you did it back in those days
I've only ever played the demo. So, you know, it came with PC gamer. Oh, really? So I never got that far. Ah
All right. Well, I thought I thought the partnership was very interesting, too
I just I'm really surprised that Blizzard didn't do it themselves
When they have the infrastructure set up to do that, so just really surprised me. So anyway, alright, well, let's move on
We're gonna travel around and check out some rapid-fire news and some other quick hit stories for the night. So you're free epic game
This mother free game on the Epic Game Store is slime rancher. So you should definitely go check that out
It's a pretty fun little indie game
And it's free until March 21st, and then the next game is gonna be oxen free
So pick it up while you can and I recommend you do that because it is a pretty good game
It's been on my steam wish list for a while
Now I don't have to
And then this is pretty cool. Sadly. We don't have the footage of it, but
apparently the
DuckTales, you know, they have the new DuckTales cartoons. So they had an episode with Della duck and
It was called, you know, I think I don't remember the episode name
I don't know if it was called whatever happened to Della duck, but basically
she is
consoling some
Like space aliens and she says oh, well, I'm I'm gonna sing you a song. I used to sing to my kids and
ends up being the
Moon theme from the DuckTales game and it's pretty awesome
so
Pretty sweet, I would definitely worth checking out the episode, but it's a neat little kind of
Thing they have there you can try to pull it up
I was gonna say usually I don't I don't do this because of copyright things
But I guess if I don't show the video, I just play the audio which I think I can do
I think I'll be alright, but have you heard this dark Sakura? This is now now it's no Brental floss
But I will say Brental floss has acknowledged this and said I think he can yeah
He's the only appointed he gave it kudos
But um, so let's see if I can actually so I sadly I'm not gonna pump the video through but I will do the audio
I'm gonna skip ahead a little bit here
Look to the stars my darling baby boys
Life is strange and vast
Filled with wonders and joys
So they see each new son
I mean, I really like the way they did this right? It's pretty cool
Like, you know, just the the way they did like that throwback to the original moon theme is really rad. So
Anyway, I know this new DuckTales series getting a lot of cool. No, it's it's it's great
Like I've I've seen some of the episodes for it and it's it's solid
I mean, I when the whole thing that they're gonna read like do DuckTales series and stuff
I kind of was hesitant, but it's it's been good. So
Pretty cool just to throw that in there just for like fans of the game
Because I think not a lot of kids probably watching they're gonna pick up on that so pretty cool
But now if they go back and play the game because of course not only do you have the old-school DuckTales
But you have DuckTales remastered was right. Yeah, not that long ago
So if they go back and play that it'll be like, oh, I recognize this from the cartoon. Yeah, exactly
So yeah, it's kind of funny how that works out. So a lot of folks in chat
First off some folks saying dammit Rob wipes tears. That's from Rama and then act-def says DuckTales is freaking awesome
As 200 Matt says I wish I could catch it more. We need a full song
I think yeah, a lot of people saying that would be really cool if they kind of
Put that out in like a full song. We'll probably get a lot of streams
Anyway, um, let's talk about something a little bit old-school like the quake engine
That's right a brand new game coming out from 3d realms called wrath a on of ruin
It's actually something that's tapping into the quake engine, which is pretty cool
So, of course as you know quake was the follow-up to doom and so forth
So what happened is the one of the designers that was I think on the original doom
Or one of the yeah, I'm sorry one of the designers that works on levels for like quake like modding still to this day
His name is kill pixel and he's made a full-fledged game. It's called wrath a on a rune
It's kind of built on the actual quake engine. So that's pretty cool
And they're saying it's an authentic 90 shooter
Not just something that's pretending to be and so it's it's pretty much
The game it's not recognizable as quake. They've turned it into something completely different, but it runs in that engine
I guess kind of like hexen was kind of cool. I can it'll get some high frame rates on my computer then you're right
All right. Anyway, um
As you may or may not be aware on International Women's Day was this past week
Which I believe was Friday if I have my calendar right in my head and a Sony PlayStation actually put out a PlayStation 4 theme
To celebrate International Women's Day. So it's something that actually has characters from various games. So it has
Am I saying his name right alloy from I alloy?
Yeah
I like from horizon zero dawn
Kara from Detroit become human and Chloe and Nadine from uncharted as well as cat from gravity rush
so some of their it's also got I don't know that the
From the paper a tearaway. I don't know a toy
But
Yeah, at oh I a toy a toy. Yeah, so
Sat girls there too. So there's just you know, there's some of Sony's girl power showing up there in the theme. So very cool
I haven't heard that there is a deadline to download it or anything. It's just something that they released
So I imagine if you haven't got it yet and you want some girl power on your PlayStation 4 you can go get it
Let's get some girl power on olr with some headlines from dark Sakura. Oh, this one makes me particularly happy
We have the return of Sega Tucson Shiro
Well kind of um, he's gun. He's gonna be returning for Sega fest
Even though he's dead in Canon
Well remember cuz he sacrificed himself riding a rocket ship to save the dreamcast
Because right? Yeah
Talked about this on the show before I didn't really true mascot of Sega. He was at least the mascot of the Sega Saturn
at any rate
He was portrayed by Fujioka Hiroshi
And he was memorable. He even had his own game
So anyway, he's going to be headlining for a Sega fest and that's March 30 30 through 31st
and hopefully he won't get blasted off on another rocket and
Then blood-stained curse of the moon will have a physical release through limited run
so it is going to be March 15th 2019 and
It's going to start at 10 o'clock Eastern
It doesn't say if it's p.m. Or a.m. So I will assume a.m. Because maybe they would have done military time otherwise
But at any rate it is they sell out like that. So you want it you be ready for it. I
Like what this company does they do this for a lot of you know, kind of like in strong indie titles will say and yeah
They're they're limited runs go very very strongly. So there's one for to jam and Earl on pre-order right now
Yeah, but I was gonna see if they had it up on a pre-order win jammers for switch. Holy crap
Yeah, that game had a resurgence not that long ago because some popular youtuber other. Yeah, it was gaming with sacks. Yeah
Which is the game sack guys? Yeah. Yeah. So alright. Well, that's it for rapid-fire news
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates some things that are coming to you real soon
It's a bit of a slower week this week. We've got the Caligula effect overdose on PC switch and PlayStation 4
one-piece world seeker on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox one and finally
Tom Clancy's the division 2 on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox one. That's probably the big release for us this week
Oh, yeah, all right traveling over to Japan. It's a little busier than it was last week
I remember last week was kind of not as many releases, but we do have this week speaking of Sega
They're releasing on the PlayStation 4 blade Arcus rebellion from shining is coming out in a regular and premium edition
Sengoku musu for DX and a regular and 15th anniversary box. So I guess that's some type of
Remaster of that game because I think that already I'll be dying Sengoku musu's dynasty warriors, right?
Yeah, so it's a I think a remaster for the PlayStation 4 of the fourth one in that series. So anyway
So that is out this week as well as a game called lover in Japan
Destiny connect is also out in Japan this week
Alias carnival sacrament plus in regular and limited edition and
Kemco RPG selection volume 2 is out this week. So this is like a greatest hits. I'm trying to see what's in this
revenant dogma
Alastair chronicles as divine hearts 2 and ferns gate and those are some deep cut JRPGs, you know
But if you're a fan of those you're probably very excited to hear that's coming out on a PlayStation 4 in a box set this
Week, that's pretty cool
Taking a look real quick at the switch to see if they have anything there
Yeah, destiny connect to blade Arcus rebellion from shining Sengoku musu for all of that also on the switch as well
Also a game called Harukanaru Toki no naka de 6 DX in a regular treasure and to the future box
One other game on the switch this week, you know
Konoyo no hatte de koi o tao shoujo comes out this week. So visit first word spelled busy week
K o n o i o konio. Oh, okay. I thought you said, you know for some reason I was like, oh cuz it's you
Why you dash and oh, you know, okay, Colin. Yeah. Gotcha. Just for a moment. I was like, yeah me fuck up
Japanese pronunciation
Trying to figure out what it was
All right, how about the UK it's good to have you back to our soccer
I'm sure Loki's happy he doesn't have to do these days anymore
Just a few things so we have
The division two collector's edition with early access out on the 11th, which is already the 11th in the UK right now
I think or almost the 11th. They're eight hours ahead of us, whatever
But seven now, yeah, or nine. No, they change to seven. I think they change they change at a different time. Okay
Yeah, what else it's it's coming out on the 11th
On the 14th is the rest of these that's Naruto Shippuden
ultimate ninja storm trilogy there is
QR
infernal machines
More division to Washington Edition on the 14th and the division to officially on
March 14th the Lego Movie 2 video game and one piece world seeker
All
Right, that's it for the UK. Yes. All right
So this is the part of the show where we would usually go to the mailbag where you guys can send your emails to participate
At orange lounge radio.com and last week. We had quite a few emails to read on the show
But did you read one from Rama? Uh, yes, I did last week
So unfortunately in this week's mailbag didn't delete any of its well, you know how it goes in this week's mailbag
I believe it's empty. It is empty
So dark soccer must have told you all not to email so she didn't have to work tonight. So
shit
She wants a vacation on her first night back now, right? Hopefully we'll get some emails for next week
so participate at orange entree calm, but
Y'all what's the punishment when we don't get any emails? Guess what dark Sakura drag race talk?
Yeah
Some water. Are you okay quickly who you're reading for on season?
I haven't seen the last episode yet anyway, cuz I was in Vegas
So just oddly one who are you reading for in season 11 Edie Ali Evie oddly and maybe Nina flowers
Okay, well need Nina flowers isn't on this season girl
Why does he Nina flowers because that's Evie oddly is like drag sister or something like that. No, Nina not Nina flowers
Nina West, you know West. There you go. Okay. Yes, because I was voting for I was reading for soju
But soju was terrible and I'm so glad I called that bitch out on getting a wish outfit
I'm like girl. No. No, I will find this and post in the chat. I believe I was like
You it's like a little while Lolita kimono and I bought one just to see what they look like
So I'm not saying anything. I had worn it cuz it didn't fit at the time. It might fit now
but this bitch got it on wish cuz it's the only place you can get this shit and
I commented and she's like, yeah, I did it. I'm sorry. She oh she commented. Yeah
So what she got dressed on wish who cares not about but it's bad Bob the drag queen won a challenge in a Tron outfit
That she bought on Amazon's and somebody was like, here's the Amazon listing for that outfit. She's
Yeah, right. I need that. Look it up. I'm actually when I get when I do Disney bounding
I have that Tron shirt now. It's got the the identity disc on the back and everything. Yeah
I'm good. I might order the Quora one though. That'd be sweet. Um so far Evie oddly is my favorite, too
I really wanted to like silky but that is annoying as fuck that first episode
I just want a big girl to win already. Damn it. Okay silky
I'm sending it because my Apple watch it's fine. Stand up silky
makes me think of
Jiggly Caliente Snooki except nothing but an entire episode of that fucking shit
All right
anyway
If you would like to send us an email
Participate at orange lounge radio.com or we will further the drag race talk next week when I catch up on the show one more thing
Scarlet envy I can't stand that heifer
Okay
Moving on let's get back into some video game. Loki's just sitting here this whole time going
It's like it's like they're speaking a foreign language. All right
All right
Loki what do you have next for us? So there was issues with amp. I think it's still going on issues with anthem crashing
PlayStation 4s
To the point where I believe a patch came out over the weekend
Okay
well
originally it was crashing them to the point where you had to actually
They would shut the console off and you'd have to rebuild the file system
Which is bad, but apparently I guess they have
Patched it out. So that's good. But really shouldn't have been doing that in the first place
But yeah, I know that there was a scare for a while that actually it was bricking consoles
But thankfully once people found out that they could boot in the safe mode and rebuild their file system
Then everything was which is what happens when your PlayStation 4 shuts down unexpectedly anyway
But it was doing it like it wasn't allowing you even to just close out the application. It was also kind of
Breaking stuff in that sense Oh quest buster and chat is correcting me saying the patch doesn't cover the crashes
Only some of the loot issues and a few other things. Oh, I thought this is a fix for that. Okay
Well, I say fucking good
People are liking it. I'm just I I've put out the reasons why I'm way karma
Put out the reasons why I'm waiting if y'all are enjoying it have fun, you know fire were fucked over there good fans. So whatever
You
Do you I guess I
Don't want to keep shitting on this game. I just want to move on with our lives. So
Okay
Well, let's just move on. All right
then
X link in chat says it's still crashing systems and the patch is out later this week
Shad Leland Shane is in chat saying as much as I'm enjoying anthem. I can't defend that issue
Talking about the breaking and so forth quest buster does reiterate it's not breaking them
It just forcibly shuts the game down and made me think it bricked my PlayStation 4 so and act F points out
It's not great when the people that want to like anthem are giving it a truly
It's also like if it's it's doing it's shutting your system down in a way that needs to rebuild the file system
Because it won't start up
Normally, there is a risk for data loss or data corruption because of that so it may not be doing
It yet, but it it's not a good thing
All right. Well, let's move on somewhere out there McCrea saying it's high noon
And this is a story about Pokemon go and what's gonna happen at high noon on March 13th from 12 p.m
To 1 p.m. In your local time zone, so it's not based on you know
Everything is central is centralized on Pacific time or you know, the Asia Pacific all has one time
It's 12 to 1 in your time zone. The number of raids in Pokemon go will be increased
So they're actually calling this an experiment with lunch hour raid battles and they're saying if the one-day trial runs
Well, if we sell a lot of raid passes
Then this might be a regular thing to look forward to now
I don't really get to do this at my work because where my work is is not really a very commercial office building area
This is I'm like I work at the one random office building in the area
So I don't think I'll really get to benefit from this but I definitely know people and if Shane still
Watching he can protest this because I know he used to play with the group
Over here in Rancho Cordova more in your neck of the woods where they actually go out on lunchtime raids and they you know
They're like, okay, we see that there's a five star over here and a five star over here and they actually plan their route
So I'm thinking for those guys man
They're gonna have a field day that day because there's gonna be stuff spawning. I imagine every go to the park
Yeah by my work this guy like a few
I
Ex raid there's ex raid and there's usually another one they do raids on I'm just trying to grind raids right now just to
Because I'm doing the melt and thing and I got it in ten raids
So what I've been doing because I don't like actually doing the raids as I go there
Go into it my free raid pass get the credit for it and quit out
Yeah, but you can you can do one in two stars on yourself
These are all five
A lot of three stars are very scalable. Yeah, so but that knew that new one legendary dialga
I don't know if I'm saying the name, right? He is he's he's more useful than the ones we've had previously
He's he's worth having at least one of and apparently I don't think you need a ton of people to take him down
So I got very lucky
Like the first one that spawned in all of Sacramento happened to spawn right by my work and I caught him on the first ball
So I was like great I'm done for this month and he was a pretty decent appraisal
So I'm like, wow, the Pokemon gods are smiling on me today. I'm done. So that was that no
I'll probably still try to go catch more especially if Alan, you know, cuz if Alan can't get one now that there's trading
In fact, I think I think he missed reg ice and I got one today in my little bonus box
So I'm gonna give it to Alan if he doesn't have one already. He's missed. I know he's missing one of the regs
I think might be red rock though
Anyway, let's see other comments in chat
Act F says Palkia is also useful. Dialga is doable if you have really good Machamps or grudons
Shane is saying I was getting ready for Rayquaza this weekend and spent 1.1 million stardust to power up my Pokemon for it
Since my husband and our friends are not as high a level as me and I'll be doing the heavy lifting
There were requires of things coming up next weekend though, right?
That's not that it I didn't miss it when I was in Vegas did I might have I don't know
I think it's next weekend when that all goes down. So do you do Pokemon rating misty?
Not really, especially considering
well one I'm usually working during raid times and and I'm also
In a when I am at work and at home. I'm not in a very stop slash gym dense area. So
You know and that is a good point
Is that you know 12 to 1 might be your standard lunch, but there's a lot of people out there who don't work standard hours
We even have in chat as Joe and Hunter Matt saying I won't be able to do this
I'm a supervisor at my job
So I can't leave and let the inmates run the asylum for me to raid
Fair point and you know
There's plenty of industries where you don't get to work the standard again nine to five noon to one on March the 13th
Which would be today's the 10th. So Monday Tuesday Wednesday Wednesday. Yeah. Yeah, I'll be at work
So yeah, so not everybody can do it, but I guess they just note that well, it'll be there
That's why they're trying it. Maybe there's trying to see what's the engagement like
So hmm, I would love if I if I'm able to get away from my desk for an amount of time
I would love to try to find some raids and you know just for fun, especially if
They put out some super I think it would they would really draw people out
They put out some surprises like not just Dialga
But maybe you know, some of the shiny variants coming back or something. We kind of neat. We'll see
yeah, I hope this does turn out to be a successful experiment because
Granted they get in scheduling patterns with me, but Wednesday seems to usually be one of my days off. All right
Well, you never know. All right. Anyway, so we'll see. Yeah, we'll see how that goes for those of you that are playing Pokemon
Go, I'm sure we'll hear about it this next week because not every Pokemon go event always goes swimmingly
There was that whole Phoebus event they did that was kind of a nightmare
But then they improved on it when they did clam pearl so, you know
Things are fixable anyhow speaking of fixing things dark Sakura
well
This one I was a little bit confused about this one because I thought it had already been
settled
but Alfonso Ribeiro filed to drop a suit against
The fortnight creators over the Carlton dance being in the game
Which I thought that it had been thrown out already. I can clarify a little bit
What happened is that he tried to get a copyright on it?
And that was the thing that was denied
Previously is the copy they based at the office came back and said it's a very simple dance
You're denied and I think when we heard that we kind of saw this coming
But now it's it it's here. He just yeah, he
Withdirected it. Yeah withdrew is his filing and said he was gonna drop the case
So there you go. Everyone get your Carlton dance on and on top of that. He doesn't own the dance anyway, because it's owned by
By ABC
NBC NBC, but no whatever BC well actually copyright says no one owns it. No, so Carlton all you want. Here we go
Just kidding. I'm not doing it again. Um, I did that on the first
I did it on the first stream. I'm not doing that again. Somebody gift it and I'm like, oh boy
I learned my lesson about what to do and what not to do on stream. Um, but anyway, I
Don't I think it was all the folks that were suing got thrown out
Right because the same lawyer was representing everybody right like backpack kid and all that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know man
I think they all got thrown out
so yeah, I just
It seems like it's a money grab. Yeah. All right
You know an attempt to you know
Relevancy well, yeah, and I think for somebody like, you know
Alfonso Ribera who's who's known for that like that is playing that role really defined his career and he worked it into dancing with the
Stars and everything like, you know that I think was important to his brand
So for him to lose that probably sucks, but at the same time like I kind of think, you know
Having seen Alfonso Ribera on
Dancing with the Stars
He's much more than just like he's capable do more and now he's turned that into more hosting gigs and things like that and like
You know
We'd love to see a good 90s personality show up as a host every now and then and so I feel like the dude's gonna have
a career that he doesn't have to own that dance to have a very
Great career that a lot of us would be gifted to have so
Maybe there's a point where he even said, you know what? I just I don't want to be known as the guy that shut down
fortnight, I mean
Just think about it. You might be able to turn that gig into a CG genie someday. No
Alright moving on just a few more stories for you guys Loki
Alright, so this is kind of cool. I mean it just came out and I haven't picked it up because I saw him played through the
The third one, but apparently just cause four is already included in Xbox game pass
So you can go ahead and check that out with your $10 a month subscription and that just came out. Yep. Yeah
December
So that's pretty quick
But I mean, I guess it's not as quick as like say so in the first party game
So this is notable just because it's a third party game
But you know usually like stuff is day and date with like crackdown stuff
But it's a pretty good game from what I hear
I just I can't see myself diving into it because I still haven't played the third one
Which I own and bought and there's plenty other games that are still in backlog Kingdom Hearts 3 Final Fantasy 15
that I haven't
Gotten chance to play it. So I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to hold off on more Square Enix games at this time
All right, then
Alright and one more story for you guys tonight before we open up our discord
If you want to participate with the show via discord tonight, you can join our free discord server
Which is they're all free over at fog network comm slash discord. If you want to head on over to the green room
We will take your call
We'll try take your call a little later on in the show
If you want to increase your chances getting picked first you want to say in the orange ounce radio channel what it is you want?
To call in about tonight
Meanwhile before we get there, let's talk about this is pretty exciting a new NES game was unearthed
So a brand new wrestling game for the NES it was called
UWC which is probably some type of like
Universal United Wrestling
Conspiracy, I don't know but it was a game that was made by Sada and it was discovered recently on a review cartridge
So the game was near completion, but for whatever reason was not released
Maybe it was just something that was came out in the the late in the lifespan of the NES and they just decided it
Wouldn't be worth it
So anyway
This thing was discovered and I guess it was it's going to the classic archive that they've been putting it that
Classic video gaming museum and they're trying to get it all deconstructed and I believe we're planning on releasing the ROM soon
So more people can enjoy that, you know, if you want to check out a little piece of history, so
There you go. UWC a brand new NES game unearthed this week that just never happened
Dark to see you in chat saying I think this was like the precursor to
WCW at least what I read looking into this story. Yeah, probably so, you know and obviously, you know
It wrestling is a sports standard that always has video games that come out like this is all and you know
even back in the NES days we had that really awesome WrestleMania game that had like Hulk Hogan and
Andre the giant was in it
like all all the faves we grew up with were in that WrestleMania 8-bit game and of course like
You know if you want to go on to the switch online library pro wrestling which probably isn't as good
But it's still you know, it's a wrestling game and it's it's competent and you can play it and have a little fun for a few
Minutes, so pretty cool. Anyway
Dark to see a also confirming in chat. I do know the ROM should be out there soon. Yeah, so alright
Well, let's head on into our listener roundtable where we're gonna open it up for some
Calls via our discord or if you would prefer you can also just jump in and
Anything you want to ask in our chat room?
You can go ahead and do that
You can jump in our chat room and anything you want to ask us
You can do that in there as well
If you're feeling too shy to call in and want to participate still with us one way or the other
You can do that there. So I think we do already have a call on the line
I'm just not set up because again that freaking power outage from earlier screwed us up
But anyway, let's get to it and we'll let's start with this call. Hi you are on orange on radio. Who's this?
Yeah, this is metal man. Yeah
Hey good metal mayhem. How you doing?
Pretty good. Can't complain
well since
you mentioned
Gable earlier during the show as I talked about since it's relevant
Yeah, bear in mind back in the 90s. I was not a PC gamer or strictly console
I gave up a PlayStation 1 and there was a ps1 port of Diablo
There was respect that to say Diablo was on consoles. Yes
Along with Warcraft 2, but I'll see you there. Sorry for no show
Yeah, I played the ever-loving half of Diablo
Unfortunately, I never got a chance to play the PC version because I didn't have a PC back then PC gaming was too expensive for me
back then but
you know if what I've been told, you know told if I were they
Somehow come across a box copy of Diablo. It would not run on modern machines for one reason or another
so
When I heard that the elbow was re-released
And they got working on modern PCs. I like
We haven't had the ps1 version of the game in years I've been wanting
You know to play the original Diablo again
you know be able to that's my first PC game, but
So be able but at the same time a little conflict is
The
Before you probably remember there's a thing a little bit of a brouhaha a few months back
regarding dog in the
You know, you know, you know CD project right that you know red and
One of their other companies, I guess they you know, so the branch that was working on
cyberpunk
2077 yes, I'm I'm well aware of that and it's it's one of those things where this this news of a partnership with
Blizzard is is really too big to ignore
and also, I think we've heard of a lot of really dumb fuck moves by PR people lately and I hope the
entire
PR industry is really evaluating some of their
Edgy things that they do out there and I I'd prefer to leave it at that
Yeah, you know, so, you know all that being said, you know
You know, I've been kind of like for lack of a bear in the LD kind of like it here stuck in the headlights, you know
You like buy the game that I really want to play do I not?
Well
Here's the thing
Here's the thing rage nator. It's probably harder than you remember for one
I mean take a look at that clip that I just did earlier where I died twice now if I really kind of sat down
And like forced myself to get good so to speak I could probably remember like oh, these are the things that I'm doing wrong
maybe I'd have to consult a walkthrough or something to kind of help me out a little bit and kind of jumpstart my brain as
To what we were kind of doing back in the day with those games which to be fair you on BBS's and stuff
We were trading the same, you know knowledge and the internet was still in its early days
So, you know game facts did exist and in earlier forms and so forth
So, you know you can kind of pick up what you're supposed to be doing in Diablo and and and get it that way
But you know at the same time
It may you kind of may go back and go to it and you like oh shit when I play something like Diablo 3
I really do have all these quality of life
Improvements that I sometimes forget about because Diablo 3 really got shit on when it first came out
I mean, it's a fine game now
But you still you kind of start to realize like oh in a game like Diablo 3 you really kind of good
You could just like jump in there and get going whereas then the original Diablo you could you couldn't do that
Or if you did you kind of ended up like I did in my little sample stream that I did there earlier
So, you know
I think as long as you go to it with the right mindset that it may take a bit for your brain to adjust to
the 90s experience
Then I don't think it's necessarily a waste of money
Especially if it's a game you enjoyed just because it's old doesn't make it bad
But some of the conveniences of new are gonna be lost if that makes sense
Exactly, you know that but admittedly, you know, I have bought some other rupture games, you know
I'm God in the past
Yeah, we're available and like Dan 64 like for example
the two rock games and shadows of the Empire and at least with those
You know, you know, I'll start them off, you know play for maybe I know if I came in and say oh, yeah
I remember this level. I'll remember that sounds fact. I remember that weapon
Yeah, all right. I've gone out, you know go play something else now
So then the question would be how much is ten bucks worth you is ten ten bucks worth a five-minute thrill and something to have
In your library, or do you think you're really gonna sit down and spend the three four hours?
Whatever your time is worth to you to really make that ten dollars valuable that's something unfortunately buddy. I can't answer for you
You know
You know if I can't find some people to play with the game with either online or land or whatever
Then and then really bring the character to the point where he's so overpowered
ridiculously
Turn on friendly fire and like
I'll kill you. Sorry. Yeah, just kind of like totally troll it
Well until you got to the trolling part I was thinking that that was you know, you could easily find a group either
You know on different web forums out there. Maybe you'll find some like-minded vog people on our discord
But even if not there, you know a social media places like Twitter or Facebook or so forth
I bet you could find some other people to play through with and maybe have fun
But you know, it's funny because we're talking about these old games from the 90s being new again
You know, you can team up with friends and anything's more fun with friends. Diablo will be fun with friends
What was something I was talking about last week on the show was Phantasy Star online, you know
I recently rediscovered that playing blue burst with my buddy Delvin over at VG realness and and Bobby joined in for some too
And I think Shane joined in at least for some of the chat and that was great
I mean even though that game has some ways that it shows its age as well
You know, there's a lot that especially playing with friends makes a game like that more fun
So I think that's something else to consider maybe if you could find the friends to play with
It's gonna make the Diablo experience even though it's something old-school that much sweeter
But certainly and as being said in chat to just because something is old doesn't mean it's bad. So but anyway, uh
Metal mayhem I'm gonna let you go so we can get more calls
But thank you so much and take care and I want to know if you end up getting it or not
Yeah, the very earliest I can get is
At the earliest just the 15th. I'm literally penniless until then bud. All right
Well, keep us posted keep us posted on if you get the game or not. All right
Take care. All right. That was a metal mayhem here on orange launch radio. We've it's our lobbies filling up here
Let's get to another call and get somebody else here on the line. Hello. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Nope
No, they're gone that person dropped out loud no, no you were in the green room you're coming on the show
Let's try that one more time. Hi, you're on our songs radio. Who's this?
Book this is excellent. Hey, that's alright. I know it's it's a new way of doing it. It's it's not Skype anymore
How what's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much. I'm sorry. I haven't pushed the talk on so that's probably reason why no worry
No for a minute you went back to the other channel and I was like no you get back here
What's on your mind tonight, so so anyways, I got done being Kingdom Hearts 3
I'm not gonna give any spoilers or anything. I just want to say it was worth the wait
Though I had a lot of questions, but it was definitely worth the play through
Let me put it that way and I'm glad nothing happened. It didn't break my console or didn't do anything crazy
So I was really happy with the purchases
That's that's I'm glad to hear you how many hours would you say you dumped in the game Oh
Probably a little over 30
So at 30 35 hours is still a pretty it's a you know, I was just talking to a metal mayhem
I always want to say his old name
I was just talking to metal mayhem about you know
The value of like $10 for a game like Diablo and how many hours you get out of it, but that's that's not bad
That's about 50 cents an hour
for
Kingdom Hearts, that's a pretty good value. So cool
What do you think about this story about the DLC?
They're thinking to do it because I think that was on last week
Yeah, we talked a little bit about the DLC. That was do you think there's room for DLC again?
Please keep it spoiler free. You know that but what do you think there's room for DLC and what they could do? I
Think we lost oh we did we lost him he alright he dropped out
Well, maybe he can speak up in chat on his thoughts there. Unfortunately, he dropped off a discord
I don't know what happened there
Maybe the lightning in his neck of the woods took him out just like it took out our show earlier there
So well bummer because I would have liked to have heard his thoughts from somebody that beat it
But maybe he can get that in our chat room over at twitch TV slash vog network in the meantime
I am gonna move on to the next call. Hi, you're on orange on radio. Who's this?
Hey Rama, hey doing buddy
I'm just enjoying the warmer weather here. Finally
I'm I'm enjoying the change of pace here too, but I'm also I get my mood is affected by the weather
So I'm just I'm I'm thankful to have a break from the rain or supposedly until six o'clock tonight
I thought we were gonna break from the rain. But yeah, I find the rain relaxing in a stress atlas
Yeah, but it's if you have certain season effective things
It can definitely take its toll on you after the summer is what stresses me out. Hmm. Interesting. Anyway, what's on your mind Rama?
You also gotta say we got a bless the rains down in Africa
But I don't I don't live there I live in California Rama
Okay, it's California dreamin on a winter's day remember or anyway
Touche, okay
Be on my merry little way, so I watched an episode of DuckTales and yes
I found myself tearing up a bit not just because of the nostalgia of the music the fact that she's saying that as a
Lullaby to that one creature in the episode. I was like, this is too much for me
Did you know that it was coming or did it was it a surprise?
It was a surprise cuz a friend of mine was watching it and she just made a screen cap
I was like wait what so I watched it and I believe
She they played it three times in the episode the first time she was singing it like she was fighting the creature the first time
The second time it was like in a background music. And the third time was when she actually sang it as a lullaby. Oh, that's cool
There are moon mites
I actually from the little clip. I thought she was on the moon but to be I haven't she was on the motion
Okay, I haven't watched the new DuckTales. Sorry. I I
Was in Vegas for God's sake
She is on the moon. Basically. Gotcha. She's trying to get back home to her kids
Well, yeah, so it looks in that thing just a larva of the bigger creature
The child of the bigger creature. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's what I said a larva
Spoilers y'all spoilers. Did it make you want to go back and play DuckTales?
Well, you know, I mean I do have remastered for ps3, so yeah, I'm
That was a free or you know free game for PlayStation Plus at one point wasn't one of those gave it away
It might have been the Microsoft platform. They gave away somebody made away. I don't know. It could be my backlog. Who knows?
Yeah, it's hey, the remaster is pretty solid. I think it's a fun one to go through
They change a little bit, but it's fun. I
Would love to see DLC for the game where it's using updated graphics and voices from the current get from the current series
That would be kind of cool. Mmm. That would be cool. That would be very cool
Well, I'm anything else on your mind tonight Rama besides DuckTales
Mario Day, I have a funny story
This story is several years old. But here's the thing when I was living back in my old town
I had other roommates and we would sit there and play Super Nintendo all the time that were in 64
My roommate said that he had the highest score in the house of Super Mario World and nobody could beat him
And he's just talking about like he is the king of Super Mario World
So one Saturday morning, I said, you know what? I'm going to shut him up
So I went out got some soda and some chips turn the TV on turn on the Super Nintendo and sat there
And I went through the entire levels of the game now he's watching me and he's going you're not going to beat my score I
Ignore him as I'm going through all the levels and once I unlock Bowser's castle, I stopped I go back
I open up the star road. I
Open that up and get the special zone. I
Opened that up and I go to the inverted Super Mario World
Beat Bowser look at him hand in the controller and walk out the living room
I
Perfect. Sometimes a spite is a wonderful motivator. That's how I live my life
Well, thank you for the Mario memory we love a good spiteful revenge story for a Mario memory Rama
I'm gonna let you go though so we can wrap up but take care and I'm sure maybe we'll hear more about DuckTales on Tuesday
an anime jam session
We might just cuz me and mako-chan were here watching it. So we definitely may talk about it. Sounds good. Take care, buddy
Awesome. Take care y'all later. All right, I think that's gonna do it for a discord stuff tonight
but I did want to respond to some of the stuff that was in our chat over at twitch TV slash vog network and
They were talking about Pokemon go and where was that? Oh, yes
Shane had said my go hype is wearing down now that sword and shield were announced all my Pokemon thoughts are directed towards those games
Why not both though? That's why can't you like both? I mean, I don't know that's kind of where I'm wondering
There's gonna be a different sword shield, but I'm still gonna play go any inner connectivity between let's go and
The new one well, oh you mean you mean between let's go and sort of show or between sword and shield and go because I could
See that I either there'll be connectivity like they had and let's go
Not that like you'd be able to send a Pokemon over but maybe it will unlock kind of like how
Meltan you get I wouldn't be able to send Pokemon over well, maybe you will maybe because I mean, it's Gen 8
It should all be in there. Yeah, maybe I don't know well because
Because I'm you too, but there's a big difference between catching them and go and catching them in the role-playing game format
I mean, I don't know it I guess if that's what they want to do they can but I'm not gonna expect that
Yeah
So but I I would think there's gonna be some type of functionality between the two just to encourage
Fans of one to get the other and fans of the other to get the one and so forth
You know that this would be a lost opportunity
Otherwise, I wonder if they're gonna re-release let's go like they do
You know how they do like a yellow version or something like that where they have
You know all this stuff combined in the one. Mm-hmm. I wonder if they'll do that. Who knows?
Let's see
Shane does continue in chat
I can like both but I won't care as much about go when I have sword and shield but what if then okay
But isn't like gen 5 is not your favorite starter coming up
So, I mean at some point, you know
The new sort of shield will come out and then you know people are gonna be focused on that for you know
A couple months but then couldn't go just suddenly say guess what gen 5 is out. Come get your oshwat, right and
Shane I you might change your tone. I don't know because I would think gen 5 is gonna be next so I don't know
Right. Am I right my way of thinking? Yeah. Yeah, so, uh, let's see
Shane does say let's be real gen 5 won't be in go until like 2026. I I don't think you're right on that
Let's see act deaf does say I do need a let's go expansion with the Johto region. I bet that'll happen
I bet there will be a let's go for gen 2 that I think that game did well enough
That may be in the off year. So next year, I bet we were maybe the year after we'll get a let's go for gen 2
It just seems it's it seems like maybe that's where the remakes are now, you know
It used to be that the remakes were always kind of like a few gens behind now
Maybe that's you know where the remakes are gonna be is in the let's go series. Who knows who knows?
Anyhow tiger class says they will probably do a let's go but with a different Pokemon
Well, of course, it would have to be a gen 2 Pokemon
But what iconic gen 2 pokemons could they pick?
Because there isn't anything like Pikachu and Eevee unless they did like Espeon and Umbreon or something that I think that might be the way
To do it over the shins over the starters. Oh and well, but you had three three
Yeah
And remember when it was like the color games when it was Pokemon silver and gold that didn't affect the starter pokemons
It just affected what you would encounter in the wild. So your starter Pokemon still end up being let's see. That was Chikorita
Water was the toad dial right the little crocodile thing and then
fire was
Cyndaquil I got it Cyndaquil. So those were those were your gen 2 starters, but I just don't say thank you for the applause
I just don't see them doing three separate games. You know, I mean, yeah, so we'll see
I see a Tiberius thinks Snubbull and Meryl would be the ones who know I don't know. It's hard to say so
Sentret and
What are the ones that are just everywhere?
What are the ones that are just like that just the shitty Mon that ever wish Sentret and the little spider dudes
um
What am I thinking of spinner X? Yeah spinner axe. That's it. Anyway
All right, but doof said no, but doof is gen 4 they better do it. Let's go, but doof
That would be fucking badass. I'd love that. All right. Anyway, um, all right. Well, that's gonna do Pokemon rusty
That's gonna do it for the calls tonight and we're going to start to wrap up the show tonight as we start to get into
final thoughts
First off I want to say misty. Well, actually I should ask are there any last-minute stories? Yes. I have a couple actually
All right. All right, go there's been some
Images leaked online
from the patent for
Google's new handheld Chromecast device and we have a picture what the controller might look like and it looks like a
PlayStation controller except kind of
Flat and it's like halfway PlayStation halfway. Oh, yeah, and I hate the oh, yeah part of that but you see this coming week
No, but yeah, maybe I know it's coming up. But the Google announcements supposed to be on the 19th
So that's a couple weeks
so there's that and then
Apparently the trend nowadays is to remake Star Wars games in Unreal 4
so we have someone that's remade when the levels of pod racer and
Unreal 4 and then someone that's now working on a recreating Star Wars dark forces in Unreal 4 and you can actually download
Both of those so I will link them in chat
neat
That's it. That's it. All right
Misty, thank you for being here. I hope you had a good time tonight. Thanks for being on the show great
It's always great to have you here you come such a long way
I know you've been a
Hardcore fan of this show for a very long time and your support really means the world and I say that to all the fans
Out there. So thank you so much for
Taking the time out to be all the way out here with us in studio. It's great
I love it when the the the fan I always feel weird saying fans the listeners
Can part the participants that was always a good word that we use with vogner where the participants?
I love in our participants can kind of come to the table and actually be at the table with us
It's always a great feeling so
But Missy, you know, I'm gonna ask you any final thoughts for our listeners tonight
I'm already sort of thinking about next time I come out. I do I do still need to cover some Bay Area trains
So I'm gonna spend a few days there
Considering some other stuff I want to do. I'm gonna spend a couple days in San Jose, I think next time
Oh, yeah, good. Good call go to round one
Well, actually round one will be here by this time next year. So but I do already have a round one card for San Jose
But if if you know my Twitter if you know have me on Facebook
And if you have ideas or want to meet up and you have permission to poke me wherever you know me
Well, that's that's quite generous permission misty
Okay
That's also
Considering that's why I'm saying if you already know the correct info. Ah, gotcha
All right
Let me ask this real quick because I don't I don't get to indulge your your deep knowledge of transit and your travels
But what would you say is like, you know of all the cities that you've gone to in the world and you know experience
They're they're trans and so forth. What is like the the train ride you need to go on in the u.s
What is the train ride you need to experience?
I
Even with how am checks and sort of seems to be falling apart if if you could if you could go
on the
Accela runs between Washington and Boston don't have to necessarily go the whole route
But I would recommend that especially in first class because that is the closest thing
We have to real a high-speed rail and even remotely empower with international trains. Okay, are you mean Washington State or Washington DC DC?
That's my figure. Okay, so DC to Boston. Okay, very cool. All right. Thank you
All right, we'll see you next time and they'll see you in chat in the mean in the interim. So, all right
Let's see act Efton chat saying I wish misty and I could have met up this time around but sadly my schedule couldn't let me
And it wasn't easy for me to make the trip to where it would have been convenient to meet up
So, but he says again
Maybe we'll work. Maybe we can work the logistics up because while I don't tolerate flights
I was half-poking on Greyhound a
Flight would be tolerable to the to the buses in this case
Sometimes sometimes an hour up and down. It ain't so bad as yeah also considering
If even with my very little grasp of languages, I know more Japanese than I do Spanish
So it's like well fuck I might as well just not deal with transferring in a foreign city
No better way to learn than immersion
Or so I hear anyway, thank you for being here misty
All right, let's go around and get our other final thoughts I'll save Jamie for later
So this is our first show back in a bit. So Loki I'll go to you. What's your final thought final thought is?
Maybe I'll play games this week
That would be a good idea to come to a video game podcast to talk about the things I'm working on
my final thought this week is
cross your fingers and send me your
Motivational vibes I guess because
Thanks to Alan's new job
We have a gym membership again, and so I need to it's time to turn this a jigglypuff into wigglytuff
So that's gonna be the upcoming plan. So there's that sex. I didn't I didn't invent that that's on a shirt
Well sadly I have to work, but you know I'd love to otherwise and last but certainly not least dark soccer
It's great to have you back here permanently
What's your final thought for our listeners tonight?
I
Love acupuncture a lot
but don't go to someone who does distal acupuncture make sure it is direct and
Then be prepared to be really lightheaded
That's it all right a life tip from dark soccer. That's gonna do it for us here in studio. Have a wonderful week everybody
We'll see you in seven days right back here on Twitch for a special st. Patrick's Day edition of olr
Well that should be fun. Hooray green beer lounge radio next week. We'll see we'll see you then everybody happy gaming
You've been listening to orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show
Tune into fog network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m.. Pacific 9 p.m.. Eastern
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or
Vogue Network, but you know they were all still true
See you next week
You